All right, we are live.
Welcome everybody to the Archon live
stream. We're going to be diving into
everything with Archon today. So I
posted a YouTube video just this week
introducing the new version of Archon,
but now we get to actually go deep into
using it and there are a couple of
things I have up my sleeve today that
are kind of interesting. So I'm going to
be
building a what's called a dark factory
this month. If that sounds spooky or
interesting to you, we'll talk about
that more in a little bit.
That'll be kind of like the tail end of
our live stream today.
So yeah, but I want to start by actually
introducing Archon to you guys just to
give a whole, you know, overview of the
tool. I know that I talked about it on
Wednesday in the YouTube video, but I I
want to be pretty comprehensive in the
live stream today and then we'll build
some workflows together. I'll show you
what it looks like to use Archon, how I
use it on a daily basis and then we'll
get into the the dark factory stuff.
I'm pretty excited. So
yeah, I'm sitting down right now. I'm
like actually like always standing in my
live streams and my YouTube videos, but
I had a couple of leg days like in a row
and my legs are like toasted right now.
So it's really it actually kind of like
hurts to stand right now.
Pretty crazy. So yeah, I'm actually
sitting down for a live stream. I've
like never done that before.
But yeah, anyway, so I've got my left
monitor here with all of the comments
from you guys that I'm watching and then
I've got my right monitor where I have
my streaming software. So when you see
me look around, that's what I'm doing
and then obviously I'm sharing my screen
on the main monitor right here.
So I can actually switch to share my
screen here and then I can pop up chats
like this right here. Hey Cole, looking
forward to this one. I appreciate it
very much. Yeah, so I was I was checking
out the chat as I was getting things
started here. It's it's exciting to see
everyone in here already. Congrats on
the launch. Love seeing the structure
for AI workflow. Still wrapping my head
around its potential. You know,
I appreciate Thomas and I still am as
well cuz it's actually kind of crazy.
Maybe we'll talk about this a little bit
today, but we can use Archon for a lot
more than just AI coding. Like you can
use it for any kind of agentic workflow
for deep research or any kind of like
content creation.
I'm not going to build anything around
that now, but that's going to be more
coming soon in videos and future live
streams. So yeah, the the possibilities
are pretty limitless here and I think as
I really introduce Archon to you guys
right now, you'll see what I'm talking
about.
Cool. I'm good sitting down. You still
look great, Cole. Appreciate it, Eric.
Yeah, it feels weird to me, but
yeah, I definitely need it right now.
It's exactly right. Exactly right. Never
skip leg day.
Yeah, so so I started doing so I was
doing a lot of CrossFit last year
and I took a break so I just like
started going to like a regular
commercial gym and I and I went back to
doing CrossFit again
and the workouts were pretty intense
last couple days for the legs. So
yesterday was a lot of Bulgarian split
squats, jumping lunges, wall balls and
um
and biking.
So yeah, I'm pretty cooked, but it's
good. [laughter]
All right. Cool. So
I'm going to go ahead and
pop up my Obsidian vault here.
So I've got the diagram to really
introduce
why I built Archon in the first place.
And I also want to be clear here. I did
not build Archon by myself. There are a
couple of people that helped me a lot
with Archon.
Rasmus and Thomas are the two that have
really helped me the most with the
project.
Thomas is here. He's a DIY smart code.
So he's here. I see him in the chat.
Shout out to Thomas. Not sure why
there's an echo for the stream, Thomas,
but yeah, thank you for all the work
that you've done on Archon. Rasmus, I
don't know if he's here. But yeah, big
shout out to him as well.
Yeah, I don't think he is for today, but
that's all good. So yeah, I've I've had
I've had a lot of help building Archon
and of course I've had a lot of help
from Claude Code at building Archon as
well.
Let me tell you, I am using Archon to
build Archon constantly. I'll show you
guys what that looks like today as well,
but let's talk about the evolution here.
Why we care about Archon. Why why did I
care about building it in the first
place? So allow me to like talk about
this for a little bit
cuz I really want to get you guys on
board with the vision that I have here
and it is a big vision.
So
it's everyone knows that like prompt
engineering was a big thing when
generative AI first became a thing back
in 2022. So we had like, you know, the
release of GPT 3.5 Turbo. That's when
everyone started giving a lot of hoots
and hollers about generative AI and
people were obsessed with prompt
engineering. And the idea behind prompt
engineering is how can we craft our
prompts to the LLM to get the single
best output. So at this point people are
very much like caring about just you
know, that very next turn with the LLM.
How do we get it to do or output what we
want?
And then that evolved in 2025 to the
idea of context engineering. So now we
don't care about just single outputs.
Now we care about entire sessions,
especially for AI coding sessions.
Context engineering is the idea of you
know, how can we curate the perfect
context. Nothing more than the coding
agent needs, but exactly what it needs
to have all the context it needs to
plausibly do the task.
So this was popularized by a lot of
people like Toby, the CEO of Shopify. Of
course Andrej Karpathy cuz whenever you
post something, of course it goes viral.
But context engineering, it's a very
powerful evolution because it's treating
the context for our coding agents as an
engineered resource. So we evolve our AI
layer as I like to call it just like we
evolve our code base. So we version
control our rules and our commands and
our skills and whenever there's a
problem that comes up with our
system, like there's a bug that our
coding agent produces, instead of just
fixing the bug and moving on, the idea
behind context engineering is we look
into our process. Like what could we
make better with our commands or what
could we make better with our rules so
that that issue doesn't happen again. Or
at least that's the goal of evolving our
context.
So it's a very powerful concept and I
created a lot of content last year
around context engineering. Now the
important thing is these different
evolutions, it's not like they replace
each other. Context engineering does not
replace prompt engineering. In fact,
prompt engineering is a part of context
engineering. So it's it's a evolution
where it builds on top of itself.
And so this year we have evolved to
harness engineering. And this is what
Archon is all about. So harness
engineering can mean a lot of different
things, but in essence, a harness is a
layer on top of the coding agent. It's
the tooling and the process that you
build on top of the coding agent to make
it more reliable and basically taking
your whole you know, process for
building software
and you know, building the the layer on
top of the coding agent where you
enforce that process. So a lot of
different strategies out there like B
Mad and GitHub Spec Kit and GSD, you
could consider them harnesses because
you're you're wrapping the coding agent
with this higher level layer of your
strategy for engineering. And we have a
Stripe Minions. The Ralph Loop is a
harness. Anthropic has open sourced
quite a few harnesses. I've covered some
on my channel.
Really every single big company is
converging on the idea of harnesses.
Instead of focusing on making the model
better or making the tool better like
the coding agent better, it's it's all
about like how do we create the system
that wraps the coding agent, right?
And so there's a lot of studies that
have been done that have shown like even
if you are using the exact same model,
you're not improving underlying model or
tool, you can go from a 6.7% pull
request acceptance rate to almost 70%
and the only thing is the harness. So
building in your strategies around
context curation and validation and your
approach for planning, right? Like we'll
talk about all that today when we cover
building harnesses with Archon, but it's
a big deal. Like maybe you guys heard of
Stripe Minions. This went like super
viral last month because Stripe
they built their own internal harness.
It's kind of like a more powerful
version of the Ralph Loop that allows
them to ship 1300 AI only generated pull
requests every single week. And like
Claude Code itself is starting to build
a lot of harness into the tool. So not
just calling the coding agent, you know,
calling the LLM with the coding agent,
but how can we like orchestrate many
different Claude Code sessions together?
So like Claude Code has support for
agent teams. They're doing a ton of sub
agents right now. So when they had their
source code leak last month,
it was shown that like 60% of the code
is still like wrapping the underlying
model itself like Sonnet and Opus and
Haiku,
but then 40% of their code is with these
more like harness features like agent
teams. And so all that to say, it's the
direction that all of these companies
are heading where they're building
harnesses. The coding tools themselves
are building this. All of the biggest
companies like uh Stripe and Shopify and
AWS, they're all building their own
internal harnesses.
But the problem with all these harnesses
is they're not open-source and they're
not custom to you.
What if you want to take your software
development life cycle, your process for
working with AI coding assistance, and
what if you want to package it up into
your own harness? Well, that is the
value proposition of Arkon. Arkon is the
harness builder. So for the first time
ever, we have an open-source platform
that makes it easy for you to build your
own harness. Up until this point, you've
either had to build something internally
like Stripe did, but obviously that's a
massive amount of effort, or you just
had to use a harness that's already out
there like the Ralph Loop or B mad or
whatever it is. And like yeah, those
tools are very powerful, but they're not
custom to you.
And you you guys know if you've been
following my content that uh I'm always
a big proponent of like build it
yourself. Take inspiration from what's
already out there. And I'll even show
you what it looks like to build
something like a B mad or GSD harness in
Arkon cuz we can take inspiration from
the beautiful minds that are out there,
but still make something that uh works
how we want to work. And that's the
unlock that I have for you guys here
with Arkon.
And um the other thing that I want to
cover here is
um you know, everyone already has their
own skills and commands and rules. So
I'm not I'm not expecting you to like
start from zero. I know that you already
have a process that you built around
your AI coding assistant. Like you have
skills for validation. You have commands
for planning and maybe you have your PRD
template, whatever that might be. And so
it's not like Arkon replaces what you
already do. It's that Arkon allows you
to package everything together into a
workflow that combines your skills and
commands, right? Like the whole idea is
before you have a harness, you have your
commands and skills and you have to
remember the order that you use them.
You have to work between different AI
coding sessions because you definitely
don't want to do your planning in the
same session where you do your
implementation cuz your coding agent
builds up a lot of bias.
But if you don't have a harness to
connect those steps together, you have
to be the one to orchestrate that. I
call it shepherding, right? Like you you
go through some kind of PRD process with
your coding agent. You create a PRD and
then you're like, okay, good. Now let me
go over to a new Claude code session or
a new Codex session or whatever, and let
me go and create a plan for the first
phase. And then you get your plan and
then you go and you create a new session
and you go into implementation. And then
you have a new session where you do a
review on the pull request or on the
code, whatever it is. And so you're
still, even though you have your
commands and skills and things to
automate different parts of your
workflow, you still have to walk the
different coding agent sessions through
each one. And Arkon is kind of like the
next evolution of that. It allows you to
run longer tasks, but still keep
yourself in the loop. And so I have an
example here
of just what an Arkon workflow can look
like. And and by the way, if you if you
did watch the video on Wednesday, I am
repeating myself a little bit here. So I
covered this diagram in the video, but
uh you just consider this a refresher if
you watched it. And I just want to make
sure that for those of you tuning into
this live stream who didn't watch the
video, I can like give you a really
solid overview of what Arkon is. Um so
yeah, here's just one example of the
kind of workflow you can build with
Arkon. And uh you'll have to excuse that
the images are like not rendering right
now for some reason for some of the
icons, but my point can still be made
here. Uh but yeah, so anyway, with
Arkon, you obviously have some kind of
trigger for your workflow.
So traditionally without a harness, it
would just be like sending a prompt into
Claude code, right? Like that is your
trigger. But with Arkon, there's a quite
a few different ways that we can use it.
And I'll I'll show you guys that today.
We have the CLI. So we can have our
Claude code or Codex, whatever um
instance like trigger an Arkon workflow.
So we can dispatch work to delegate
behind the scenes. So we can do a lot of
work in parallel. I also have a whole
web interface. And I I'll definitely
show that off today as well.
Um that's the wrong link. This is it. So
we have a whole web interface where we
can manage our workflows
and we can uh kick off workflows
uh from the web UI directly.
And uh so there's basically like a a
coding agent sitting behind the web
interface. So we can ask it to do work
on our different repositories that we
have registered with Arkon and it'll
automatically route the request. It'll
pick the right workflow and it will
dispatch it. And we can do a ton of
workflows in parallel if you want as
well. So I'll I'll show you all of that
today. But we have the web UI and then
we even have different adapters so that
you can, for example, talk to Arkon
directly in Slack. So you can say like,
hey, there's a GitHub issue for um this
repo. Go and you know, handle that
issue. I want to see a pull request in
the end with a fix for that issue. And
you can do that through Slack. And we
have different conversations that you
can manage through different threads in
Slack. So for every single platform, we
support parallel execution.
Arkon handles work trees and isolation
under the hood so you don't even have to
worry about it. That's one of the other
big unlocks with Arkon is how it
supports working on things in parallel.
And so I can go into my Claude code and
I can have it use the CLI to fix eight
GitHub issues at the exact same time.
And they all run in different work trees
so they don't step on each other's toes.
They don't override each other's changes
and we don't have to deal with merge
conflicts just to get the pull requests
created. It's really powerful.
And so we start with our trigger. And
then um again, this is just an example
of a workflow we can create. So we could
go like into planning mode. So maybe
there's a new feature that we want to
build. We want to start by going through
the planning process with our coding
agent.
And so we have a step in our Arkon
workflow where we are prompting our
coding agent like here is the feature we
want to build. Now help me plan. Like do
research, do code base analysis,
whatever that is. And when in Arkon, we
can add in human in the loop. And so we
can have essentially a loop here where
we give feedback to have the coding
agent revise the plan until we approve
it and then it moves into the coding
stage. And we do this in a brand new
coding agent session because your
planning session can get pretty bogged
down and you can build up a lot of bias
over time. And so you want to produce an
artifact that you send into the next
node for implementation.
If you're in the Dynamis community, this
is the pivot loop. You know what I'm
talking about. I've covered it on my
channel as well. The plan, implement,
validate. And we used to have to do that
between different coding agent sessions,
but now we can package this all up as a
single Arkon workflow.
And then after the code is done, then we
go into the testing step. And this is
another one of the very big value
propositions of Arkon. Our workflows do
not have to be just prompts to a coding
agent. Sometimes there are steps that we
want to run deterministically. We want
to take the control away from the coding
agent to make sure that our process is
followed to a T.
If you've used any coding agent for a
good amount of time, you know that like
sometimes you'll tell the coding agent
run the tests after you write the code
and it won't listen to that. It's so
frustrating. Or it'll do some of the
testing like unit testing and linting,
but it won't do the end-to-end testing.
It's so frustrating. And so what we can
do in Arkon is we can have certain steps
of the workflow where we're just running
code. Like we're doing some kind of
context pulling or we're running our
tests like we're doing right here. We're
guaranteeing that that happens after the
implementation. And then if there's any
failures, we'll prompt the coding agent
to fix those things. So we have like a
little bit of a feedback loop as well
built directly into Arkon.
And then after everything passes and the
coding agent figures that it's done,
then we have the human approval.
And so even though we are building
longer running tasks with Arkon
workflows, we're not taking ourselves
out of the loop. We can inject ourselves
wherever we want in an Arkon workflow.
So no matter how you typically work with
your coding agents, if you don't trust
it that much and you want to validate it
every step of the way, you can do that
if you want. We have support built in to
the web UI, the CLI, every single
adapter for human in the loop. And
that's one of the most important things
because a lot of times when you have
these harnesses, especially like the
Ralph Loop for example. The Ralph Loop
went viral a couple of months ago, but
to me it felt like vibe coding, right?
Because you were giving it a and it
basically an entire PRD. Like many
different phases of work and you would
just have a coding agent rip through
everything.
And the problem with that is if the
coding agent makes a mistake in the
first iteration of the Ralph Loop, that
issue can kind of propagate and like
blow up from the rest of the loop
because the coding agent is going to
through each loop build on top of a code
base that's already wrong, right? Like
not aligned with what you actually want
to create. And so the issues just
compound on themselves. And so the idea
that I wanted to be uh very confident in
for Arkon is that it's not just enabling
vibe coding. That we actually have like
deterministic steps that enforce our
process. We have human in the loop,
right? And then we have the pull request
at the end, and then we can review that
our self before we merge as well.
And so, yeah, that's that's sort of I I
like to call it the hybrid secret for
Archon.
And um this this sometimes rubs people
the wrong way, but I actually think it's
smart to take as many decisions from
away from the coding agent as you
possibly can because they're
non-deterministic. They don't make the
same decisions every time even if you
give it the same prompt. And so, there's
a lot of inherent risk with that. The
biggest reason why a lot of developers
and companies are hesitant to adopt
coding agents is because they're
unreliable by nature. And so, Archon is
the harness builder that allows you to
take the process that you consider
reliable and build it into the way you
work with coding agents. And so, we have
different nodes. Like if you have your
testing strategy, if you have your
strategy for like pulling information
from Confluence, like whatever steps you
have that like you want to have
performed every single time, you build
those nodes into Archon.
And then the rest of the workflow is
still going to be like you adding in
your commands and skills and sub agents.
Like everything that you already have,
you can build in. So, you're not losing
anything either. That's another thing
that I want to be very clear on here is
that you don't have to replace how you
already work. Archon just allows you to
package it up, right? Like that's the
goal of a harness builder. So, I'm I'm
so excited for this. And I'll I'll
actually like install it from scratch
with you guys today as well. So, uh
right here I got the link to Archon. I'm
going to go ahead and uh drop this in
the chat.
So, if you guys want to
um try it out right now, even like
install it along with me, I would highly
encourage you to. It's very easy to
install Archon because we can ask our
coding agent to set it up. And I have an
Archon skill that it loads
automatically, and it'll walk you
through the entire process, even
installing the dependencies for you. So,
I'll show you that live in a sec, but
yeah, it's so easy to get it installed.
Um yeah, so one other thing I want to
show really quick. So, this is the read
me for the new version of Archon.
I want to show what a workflow actually
looks like.
So, this might look a little bit
intimidating,
but uh don't worry.
You can use your coding agent to help
you build workflows as well. I'll also
show you that.
Um so, this whole like YAML structure,
it's it's quite beautifully simple,
honestly.
And uh but like even even so, like when
you're trying to package up your entire
workflow, it can start to look a little
intimidating. So, it's really nice to
use a coding agent to help you define
these workflows.
But just an example here. So, within the
diagram here, I showed the whole like
PIV loop workflow.
And that that workflow can be summed up
with this right here. So, this is a kind
of a bit of a simplification just so it
fits nicely in the read me, but it gives
a good idea here. So, you start with the
node for your planning, and then you go
into implementation. And you can see
that we have we support loops in Archon
as well. So, uh maybe I can even go into
the UI. Let's see if I have it run with
a loop.
I want to give like a demo of like what
it actually looks like. Yeah, here we
go.
So, like we have we support loops in
Archon. So, by the way, this is what the
logs look like. When you invoke a
workflow and you view the logs in the
web UI, you can see like all the tool
calls that your coding agent is making
behind the scenes. You can see like the
the node flow and like where it's
currently running. So, like we have a
loop right here that has like a certain
number of iterations. And uh if I go to
like a more fancy one like a GitHub
issue fix, we can see like you can get
pretty comprehensive with the workflows
that you define. This is one of the the
bread and butter workflows in Archon, uh
the fix GitHub issue. So, you can throw
this on any GitHub issue in any
repository, and it works through this
entire process of uh you know,
classifying the issue. Is this a a new
feature we have to plan, or is it a bug
we have to investigate?
And then it'll do some research. It'll
fix the issues after investigating, and
then it will validate, and then create a
pull request and review it after. So,
it's like super comprehensive workflow.
And and yes, having this many steps does
take a good amount of tokens, but
another really powerful thing you can do
in Archon is specify the model the at
the individual node level. So, when
you're classifying or investigating,
maybe you only need to use Haiku. And
so, it might only be the case that like
a single node like the fix issue, this
is the only one where you'd want to use
Opus. Or you'd want to use high
reasoning GPT Codex, for example. And
so, you can make things very token
efficient by determining at at each
individual level what model do we want
to use.
And the other really powerful thing
about harnesses, like I showed in this
diagram here, is you get insane results
building a harness on top of a model.
So, the harness elevates the model. I've
had better results using Archon with
Sonnet than I have using Opus by itself
in Claude Code.
And so, uh another really cool thing is
like
you know, this um Archon kind of comes
with good timing here because Anthropic
has made their rate limits a lot worse
for Claude Code recently. It's really
unfortunate. But it's forced me to like
start using Sonnet more for my coding
because I hit my rate limit so
incredibly fast. But with Archon, I feel
like I'm not really losing the code
quality, like the output quality,
because the workflows
they package up such a comprehensive
process. And like using this whole thing
with Sonnet is still cheaper than like
asking Claude Code to fix an issue by
itself with Opus cuz Opus is just so
much more expensive.
So, anyway, I got off track a little bit
showing you guys the web UI here, but
yeah, so we have the loop like we can,
you know, implement a plan task by task
in a loop, and then we run the
validation. And the important thing is
this is no AI. It is deterministic. So,
we're guaranteed that our validation
runs. That's powerful. And then we run
the reviews afterwards, and then we have
some kind of approval process with a
human in the loop before we create our
final pull request.
And because we have Archon as a CLI and
a skill, when you have it loaded into
your Claude Code or your Codex, all you
have to do is tell it to use Archon.
And that like literally that's all your
request has to be. And it'll
automatically dispatch like create an
Archon workflow. So, it'll run like
let's say for example this idea to PR
workflow. It'll create the work tree
under the hood so you can keep working
on your code base in parallel. And then
it goes through the different stages,
and you can have your coding agent
monitor the workflow and or monitor it
in the web UI like I showed right here.
So, like obviously this is a completed
run right now.
But uh if this was in the middle of
executing, you could like see the logs
coming in real time and see like, you
know, like what stage of the workflow
the coding agent is currently on.
And as far as which coding agents we
support right now, we have support for
Claude Code, and then Codex is almost
done.
And then also, we are working on uh or
we want to add in support for other
coding agents as well. So, like right
now it's Claude and Codex,
but uh we have a priority item right now
to add support for Pi as well. So, Pi
also has an SDK. Uh we're also
interested in Amp and Open Code. I mean
really like Archon, remember Archon is
the layer above the coding agent cuz
it's the harness builder, right? So, we
don't really care about what coding
agent you're using under the hood. We
just have to build a little bit of
support for like calling the SDK for the
coding agent. So, like Codex has the
SDK, Claude has the agent SDK. That's
what Archon uses under the hood. So,
when you use Claude with Archon, it is
running Claude Code. It's just running
it programmatically through the SDK.
And um so, you can you are allowed to
use your Anthropic and Codex
subscriptions with Archon. You don't
have to pay for API credits.
Um and and that's that's a very
important thing cuz a lot of people
right now are getting their Anthropic
subscriptions banned when they use it
with Open Claw and Open Code.
But the problem with those they're
third-party harnesses. They're kind of
doing a workaround to use the
subscription, and that's against the
Anthropic terms of service. But
Anthropic has made it very clear. A
couple of their team members like posted
on X saying that like you are allowed to
use your Anthropic subscription
with the Claude agent SDK as long as it
is for personal use. And Archon is for
personal use, right? Like you're running
it on your computer, you're hosting it
yourself, and there aren't other people
using your subscrip- subscription
through a production deployed agent. So,
it's a different story if other people
are using your subscription through a
Claude agent SDK agent you have like
deployed to some production platform,
then that's against the terms of
service. But if it's a an application
you're running yourself and is using the
Claude agent SDK, then you are allowed.
So, I've been using my subscription with
Archon for, you know, months and months
now. And the same thing with my second
brain as well.
And so, if they've made that very very
clear. I don't have the exact tweet up
right now, so I can't show you the exact
thing, but Boris Cherney, he's the
creator of Claude Code.
He um he clarified like he made it super
clear. Like yes, you can use your
subscription for personal use with the
agent SDK. So, we're good.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; And I get that I get asked that question
all the time as I'm doing my second
brain content on YouTube, and I'm you
know, I started showcasing Archon. And
it is a fair question because um yeah,
like people are really nervous about
getting their subscription banned, but
you are good with Archon.
And yeah, I see some things in the chat
here. People are excited for the pie
support. Yeah, I'm excited for that as
well.
Because then it you will have like
support for pretty much running any
model that you want with Archon.
All right.
Cool.
All right. So yeah, I'm going to go
ahead and answer some questions in the
chat here, and then we'll get right into
installing Archon. So I have an instance
already spun up
in the cloud. I I installed Archon from
scratch on my computer for the video on
Wednesday. I don't really want to like
reinstall it on my computer, cuz I
already have some things going with it.
So I'm going to reinstall it on a Linux
VPS that I created just in Digital
Ocean. But the installation process is
going to be the same pretty much no
matter your operating system. So whether
you're installing it on a VPS or on your
Linux, Mac, or Windows system, it's
pretty much going to be the same.
And the readme has good instructions for
that. And I'll I'll walk you through it
right now as well. But yeah, before we
do that, I'm going to switch here to my
full frame. Let's let's chat a little
bit. So I'll I'll pop up some questions
in the chat here
and spend some time for Q&amp;A.
All right.
Jared said you said the magic words,
customize B for inspiration into custom
workflow. That's exactly right. So it
works the way you need it, just the way
I need it. This is fire, what I've been
looking for.
Yeah, I appreciate it a lot.
And that exactly, like that's that's the
thing is
you can just like
fork B mad, and you can just run it and
change it yourself, but that's a lot
more involved than creating an Archon
workflow. I'll show you in a little bit
what it looks like to customize
a workflow taking inspiration from
something like B mad. I'm going to use
GSD as an example, cuz it's a bit
simpler and easier to do, but you could
do the same thing with B mad.
All right.
So basically, we could call Archon
Stripe Minions, but open source.
Exactly. Yep. And I'd even go further to
say that like Stripe Minions is just a
single harness. Archon can allow you to
build anything. Like Archon allows you
to build Stripe Minions, but for your
company or yourself.
Yeah.
Can a node be simply an execution node,
no AI model used? Yep. Yep. So we have
support for running bash, Python, and
TypeScript scripts. So anything like any
part of the workflow where you're like,
I want this thing to happen exactly,
like no AI model to mess it up, then you
can run it as a node in Archon.
Yeah.
Where does this differ from N8N?
You know, that's a really good question.
Actually, here, I'm going to switch back
to my scene here. I'm going to share my
screen. Cuz if we look at the the
builder here, and sorry, I'm going to
the wrong tabs. We're actually adding
support soon for a visual builder. So
you can like connect the nodes like
this.
And so it is going to be kind of similar
to N8N. In fact, in the readme here,
we say think N8N, but for software
development. And so for those of you who
use N8N or have used it in the past,
this might actually click really nicely
for you. Is like N8N doesn't really have
direct connections with Claude code. And
they don't have things like work tree
isolation support, right? Like you don't
use N8N for AI coding. You use it to
build automations for your business,
whether it's like LLM workflows or not.
But Archon is going to allow you to
build kind of like N8N workflows, but
specifically for AI coding. So you're
stringing together these coding agent
sessions and deterministic steps like
bash and Python scripts, and it's for
coding processes. And so like there's a
lot of things we have built in behind
the scenes with Archon for how it
integrates with our different coding
agents and handles work trees and things
like that that N8N doesn't have at all.
So like there's no way you could build
this kind of thing in N8N. You're you're
not going to be able to build a coding
agent harness in N8N, or at least it'd
be very difficult and not really what
the tool is meant for. So this is a very
different use case, but you can think of
it like N8N for AI coding. So yeah, I
appreciate you asking that.
All right.
How can we know that the plan step is
complete? Do we have human and approval
gate for that?
Yes. So you can have the coding agent
decide itself that the plan is complete,
or you can make it so that you have to
approve.
And so like going back to the diagram
here,
this step right here is what you're
talking about. Like planning. And so
what it does is it'll output some
artifact. And you can have I know that I
only show the human approval gate here,
but you could like add that as a node
right here as well. So like you get to
look at the artifact, and it'll like
give you a summary of it, or it'll give
you like the full files, so you can like
go through the markdown if you want.
And then you can give feedback. So you
can say like, "Hey, you didn't do enough
validation, right?" So or like you
didn't add enough planning around
validation. So like go back, edit the
plan, and then let me review again. So
you can add that for any step in Archon.
Or you can have it just decide itself.
Like if you want it to be a little bit
more hands-off, like you want to do
something like the RALF loop, which by
the way, we have a RALF loop workflow
built into Archon for you to use out of
the box,
then you don't have to have the human in
the loop. Like you can have it kind of
like iterate by itself and kind of
critique itself, and then decide when
it's ready to move on. Which obviously
that's a bit more or a lot more
non-deterministic, but you can do
whatever you'd like.
And speaking of that actually, like
workflows in Archon, we have a lot of
Archon workflows that come shipped with
the platform. So when you install
Archon, all of these workflows here are
ready for you to use immediately. So you
can build your own. If you want to
create your own harness, build your own
workflows, you can. But if you just want
to poke around with Archon initially, I
have all of these ready for you guys to
use. So we have like a human in the loop
interactive PRD like walk you through
creating PRDs.
We have the whole like plan to pull
request. We have the RALF loop one if
you want to do the RALF loop in Archon.
It's actually like a beautifully simple
workflow.
Most of it is just prompting here, but
it'll walk you through like creating the
PRD, it'll validate it, and then it'll
go through the whole RALF loop.
And like manage the state through like
JSON and markdown files just like the
RALF loop does, the original RALF loop.
What else do we have? We have the GitHub
issue fix. This is the one that I use
the most out of all of the workflows in
Archon. Because I'll I'll throw this on
the issues that we have in Archon. Like
I'll I'll say like, "All right, Claude
code,
we have a few people that have just
opened up issues for Archon. We got, you
know, like 1082, 80, 76, 72. I want you
to spin up four GitHub issue fix Archon
workflows in parallel, and then monitor
them and let me know when they're done,
and I can review the pull request." Or I
could even have it like run the validate
PR pull request after as well. So yeah,
like I said, I'm always using Archon to
build Archon.
All right.
Visualization is fantastic. I appreciate
it. I assume you're talking about the
the web UI here, but yeah, there's a lot
of work that we've been putting into the
visualization here.
Can I use this with open code? Yeah, so
not yet, but we want to add support for
open code.
So pretty much Archon is going to be
able to be integrated with any coding
agent that supports an SDK.
So like like I said, with Claude, we
have the agent SDK, Codex has their SDK,
Pi has one, open code has one, and Amp
has one. The Gemini CLI does not. That's
another one that I wish I could add, but
they don't have an SDK. Now you can just
run the coding agent in headless mode,
but it's it works better to use the
coding agent programmatically. So this
entire code base is TypeScript.
Almost entirely TypeScript. Because
that's the language most of the SDKs are
written in. So the Claude agent SDK has
both a Python and TypeScript version,
but Codex is only TypeScript. So that's
why I decided to go TypeScript for for
this code base here.
And in the end, like the actual language
you pick doesn't matter a ton, cuz
coding agents can just rock everything,
right?
In fact, TypeScript is even a bit better
for coding agents than Python, because
it has the type safety built right in.
All right.
Cool.
All right. So yeah, there are so many
good questions in the chat here. It's
going to be hard for me to get to
everything, but I'll answer a couple
more here, and then I'll get on to the
demo where I'll I'll install it from
scratch with you guys and show you how I
use it on the day-to-day.
Why have you made this open source?
That's a good question. So open source
has always been a really big part of my
ethos. So as I created started creating
YouTube content in 2024,
I I I really just had a passion for
sharing my knowledge and everything that
I'm diving into with the whole world.
And open source is my way to share it
the most I possibly can.
Because otherwise, if I close source it,
I'm going to tell you guys about it, but
then you won't really care, cuz it's
either going to be some paid product
that you have to shell out a bunch for,
or it's meant for enterprises or
whatever, and then like no one is going
to care about it. So open source is my
way to get the most eyes on it, which it
also is helpful for me, because then I
get the most feedback for it. And
obviously like for my channel, it helps,
because then everyone has a reason to
care about it. If it's not something
that's open source, I can share what I'm
building, but then maybe if you want to
like follow along with my journey,
that's interesting, but otherwise it's
like nothing you can really try
yourself. So, I feel like it just you
either become be kind of like a brick
wall you hit if I make a YouTube video
on Archon, it's like look at this cool
thing I built, and then you can't even
try it. It's like what's the point?
Um so, definitely like with YouTube
being my primary like
platform for sharing things with the
world, like what I share has to be open
source in my opinion. So.
Yeah. It's a fair question, though.
All right. Um yeah, so another person
asked about this and NNN, so I talked
about that already. But yeah, I
appreciate you guys asking about that.
Uh will it include the GitHub CLI or
GitHub Copilot CLI in the future?
So, if they build an SDK, yes, but I
don't think
they have an SDK.
Um oh, wait a second.
Do they actually?
Look at this.
When was this released?
They
Oh.
Okay, so there is a SDK. So, actually we
could integrate GitHub Copilot with
Archon as well.
That's pretty cool. And yep, they
support TypeScript, which is what we
would need for Archon. So, yeah, this is
yet another one. And okay, here's the
really cool thing.
I I haven't really talked about this yet
too much. I mean, this gets more
technical,
but um
let me let me tell you, there is so much
effort that I put into architecting the
initial code base for Archon before I I
ever wrote a single line of code.
So, I have like a sort of like generic
interface implementation for every
single adapter and every single coding
agent.
So, when I built the initial version of
Archon, I supported Claude and I
supported Telegram. So, like Telegram
was a way to talk to it remotely, and
Claude was the only coding agent. But I
built it in a way where it wasn't like
super coupled with that specific tool,
like Telegram or Claude. And so, when I
asked Archon to build support for Slack
as well as Telegram or or GitHub, we
like support you can like talk to Archon
directly in GitHub issues as well. It
just one-shotted it. Like I didn't even
have to iterate, it built it perfectly.
And then when I asked it to build
support for Codex, like following the
pattern that I did for Claude, it
one-shotted that as well.
And so, if you wanted to create a pull
request adding support for GitHub
Copilot, you could. You could literally
one-shot it because the documentation is
there, the coding agent can reference
that if you have like Claude code open
up in the Archon repository or Codex.
And um and then also like it can just
copy how we already have it set up for
an existing coding agent. So, we have
Archon set up in a way where the code
base is very easy to evolve because
everything is set up as like super easy
patterns to understand. Like the coding
agent can understand very easily, like
here's how I add a new coding agent,
here's how I add a new adapter, uh
whatever we want to do to evolve the
system.
Yeah.
Um can workflows be told to obey token
rates and limits?
So, I think that's actually something we
have an open issue for cuz there's not a
way to like set a max budget for tokens,
but it would be pretty easy to add that.
Like on a per node level, it's like I
want you to stop if this is taking more
than 100,000 tokens cuz this that
definitely means that like the coding
agent is going off the rails here or
whatever. So, we don't have support for
that yet, but um I think I mean, I don't
I don't really want to like go on a hunt
here and try to find this exact one,
but uh there are there is definitely an
issue that we have out for for that.
Let's see if I can find it. So, mo- most
of these issues that we have right now
are actually created by uh Rasmus. So,
like I said, he's one of the guys that's
been helping me an insane amount with
Archon. So, most of these things are
like just us kind of listing out things
that we want to
uh improve in in Archon.
Um we had to port over so, we were
working on a kind of like a private repo
that was like just for the Dynamis
community at one point. So, we had to
port over a lot of the issues. I don't
know. We might have changed the names
for some of them,
but that's definitely something we have
on our radar.
Um yeah, not sure if we I can't find it
exactly right now. But yes, that's one
of the things that's just like all of
the different parameters that we have in
like Codex and Claude code, we want to
make sure that we can support those so
you can build it directly into the
configuration for each node of an Archon
workflow.
All right. Yeah, and so yeah, one thing
I I want to mention really quick is like
when we were first working on Archon,
we were doing it like as an internal
project in the Dynamis community. So, we
called it the actually I still need I
still need to archive this repository
here. But we have the remote coding
agent. It's funny cuz Archon the new
version of Archon started as a a
resource that I built for the Dynamis
agentic coding course because it it
originally wasn't a harness builder. It
was just a platform that allowed you to
talk to Claude code or Codex
uh in a remote environment, like Slack,
GitHub, or Telegram, like I was talking
about earlier.
So, that's how it started, and then it
evolved into this beautiful thing where
now you can like build any AI coding
workflow as an Archon harness.
Uh but this this is like the origin of
Archon. So, it's cool. For everyone in
the Dynamis community, you guys got to
like see it evolve to the point where it
is now, and obviously you got early
access to it. Another thing is um within
the Dynamis community, I am going to be
doing a lot more workshops the next
couple of months, like getting like
really deep into using Archon, like
building custom workflows. I'll show you
guys more like how to build your own
harnesses. Um it's it's always the place
to be if you want to like be a part of
Archon and get the the inside scoop on
how to use the tool the best and like
the evolutions that I'm doing to it. Uh
so, I yeah, I just want to call out
really quick for Dynamis. I'm going to
put a link in the chat here. Uh I
actually have a little live stream
special for you guys
for Dynamis. So, it's a 10% off the uh
public price for the community. This
discount here is going to go away
uh by the time our live stream is done
here. So, it's a special for literally
just this live stream. So, if you like
what I'm working on with Archon, if you
want to be a part of of this, and um
also all the other course content that I
have in Dynamis, definitely check this
out. I put the link in the chat just
now. So, another big thing that I did in
Dynamis recently is I did a 4-hour boot
camp on building your own AI second
brain. So, I took the entire second
brain that I built for myself that
literally saves me 20 hours a week, and
I showed you how to build it from
scratch. So, I did a a live workshop,
and I'm also turning this into the third
course for Dynamis as well. We also have
the AI agent mastery and agentic coding
courses, and I referenced the agentic
coding course already because that was
the origin of the this new version of
Archon.
So, yeah, lot a lot of value packed into
Dynamis. I do weekly workshops as well.
And so, that's where I'll be doing some
more stuff with Archon if you are
interested.
So, all right. Uh with that here, I'm
going to go ahead and show you guys how
to install Archon from scratch.
And uh like I said, I'm going to be
doing it on a VPS
just because I don't want to wipe my
installation on my computer again. I I
already reinstalled Archon from scratch
um four times this week as I was testing
things to get ready for the open source
release. And so, I'm going to install it
on the VPS where I'm going to build my
dark factory. This is the exciting like
last part of the live stream that I'll
be covering with you guys here. Um yeah,
I'm I'm actually pretty stoked for this.
I don't know if you guys know what a
dark factory is. Um it's
kind of like a a term that was coined in
the last Well, actually it was a a term
that was coined in the late uh 1900s.
Uh that sounds weird. It like 1990s, I
think, like the idea of a dark factory
is um you have a factory without lights
because it's robots running the entire
thing. And then recently people have
been talking about like dark factory as
it relates to code bases. And basically,
a dark factory is a code base that
self-evolves. Like AI is the only one
writing code ever on the code base. And
so, an experiment that I want to run,
I'm giving you a little bit of a teaser
to what I'll talk about at the end of
the workshop here, an experiment I want
to run is a public dark factory code
base where every single evolution of the
code base, like every pull request,
every release, is managed by Archon
workflows.
Because we can build our process like we
can define exactly how we want to manage
issues and pull requests and releases,
we can define it as Archon workflow. So,
we basically use Archon as a dark
factory harness, which sounds kind of
it sounds silly. Uh but I'm actually
like really excited to try this as a um
kind of like public experiment here.
Like I I literally wanted to get to the
point where like anyone can create an
issue, and then I'll have Archon like
figure out is this an issue that we
should uh address for this code base,
and then it'll handle it automatically
all the way to like pull request and
reviewing and merging into the main
branch.
So, we'll talk about that, but obviously
we got to get Archon uh spun up for the
first time here. So, I'll show you guys
the installation. I'll show you what it
looks like to run workflows with Archon.
And then I want to build a workflow with
you guys. And then we'll do some of the
dark fa- factory fancy stuff at the end.
All right. So, I'm going to go into the
readme here.
So, I'll put a link to Arkon in the chat
again.
If you guys want to follow along and
install with me on your machine or a
VPS.
If we scroll down to the get started,
this is where we're going to work right
now.
&gt;&gt; [snorts]
&gt;&gt; So, literally all you have to have
installed before you run Arkon is your
coding agent and the GitHub CLI. In
fact, I list bun as a prerequisite, but
the setup process is going to even
install this automatically
if you don't have it yet.
So, I do list Claude code as a
pre-wreck. You can use Codex as well.
That's also supported with Arkon. It's
just not quite as stable right now as
Claude code. So, I'll definitely be
updating the docs as I address that or
as we address that.
But then obviously the GitHub CLI is an
important dependency as well.
You don't need the GitHub CLI for every
Arkon workflow.
But um yeah, being able to work with
GitHub is a very core part of Arkon
because most workflows are relying on
having the issue or pull request be like
the starting point, right? Like
reviewing pull requests or fixing GitHub
issues. Most of the time when I'm
working with Arkon, it's it's dealing
with artifacts in GitHub essentially,
right? So, that's why I have that as a
prerequisite.
So, once you have those things
installed,
&gt;&gt; [snorts]
&gt;&gt; um we have the binary. So, we're working
on making it so there's like a single
install script. So, you can do this if
you want. I'm just going to show you
that my my approach of like cloning the
repository and setting up from there cuz
that's what I'm more comfortable with.
This is like a newer thing that we're
working on to make it like even easier
to set up Arkon. So, I'm going to
install it this way. So, I'll I'll copy
this command to clone the repository and
I'll do that within my VPS here.
So, there we go. Clone Arkon and then
obviously change my directory into Arkon
and then check this out. Um so, I'm
going to run in dangerously skip
permission mode just because I don't
want to have to deal with approving
things right now.
Open up the folder. Uh yes, I accept.
There we go. All right. Now, watch this.
All I have to do is say set up Arkon.
I don't have to say anything else. It's
going to walk me through the entire
process. So, you if you have the
pre-reqs and then you clone the repo,
you just go into your Claude or Codex
and you say set up Arkon and that's it.
So, first it's going to uh see like what
we already have set up. It's going to
realize that we haven't set up anything
and then what it should do is it should
load the Arkon skill. So, we have this
skill that like walks it through how to
help us with Claude or with the the
whole setup of Arkon with Claude.
All right.
&gt;&gt; [cough and clears throat]
&gt;&gt; I guess I have to wait for it to to work
here.
And by the way,
if we see it um I'm just did like
control O to see the output here.
It's just like understanding the code
base. I'm actually surprised it didn't
load the Arkon skill.
Um you're in the let's see. What is it
saying here? No, all right. Hold on.
Load the Arkon skill and walk through
the setup. I've actually never had to do
this before,
but it uh for some reason didn't load
the Arkon skill. So, I'm just going to
tell it to do that.
But we're still going to get the same
effect here. What will be super easy to
go through everything.
All right.
There we go. So, now it's reading the
setup guide. So, this is like a part of
the skill
that tells it how to walk us through
everything.
So, it's going to check all the
prerequisites like making sure we have
get and bun, things like that, which we
already do on this machine.
Um there we go. So, now the first
question that it'll ask you in the setup
is where like what's the repository that
you want to use to work on with Arkon,
right? So, like when we use Arkon, we
want it to invoke workflows on another
repository cuz we're going to use it to
work on something else. So, that's why
it says this should be your own project,
not the Arkon repo.
And so, I can either
clone a repository from GitHub or I can
just give it a local path if I wanted to
work on a a project that I already have
installed on my machine. So, number two
is actually probably what you would end
up doing cuz usually there's already
something you're in the middle of
working on that you want to use Arkon to
like build a harness around, right? Um
now, since I'm on a VPS, I am just going
to clone something from GitHub here.
So,
I will select that and then it just says
like please provide the repo URL.
Um I need to actually find one here.
I'll I'll just do let me open this up.
I'll pull some like random
um
let's see. Let's just do this one. I'll
just copy this repo. I just need kind of
like a random one here to register. So,
what this is going to do is it's going
to register your first repository with
Arkon.
So, whenever you
um run the Arkon CLI on a repo for the
first time, it will register. So, like
Arkon has a database under the hood or
behind the scenes that like keeps track
of the projects that you're using Arkon
with and like all the conversations
you've had where you've invoked Arkon
workflows on those code bases. So, you
do the automatic registration that way
and then also in the web UI like I
showed earlier, you can register
projects this way, too. So, you just
click the plus icon here and then you
can give it the GitHub URL or the local
path. So, also in the web UI, you can
register your repos.
And the cool thing is for all the
projects that you have registered in the
web UI, the agent automatically
understands. So, if I say like what
projects and workflows do I have,
the Arkon agent that runs in the web UI
either using Claude code or Codex, it it
has the context injected for all of the
Arkon workflows it can invoke and the
different projects that it can invoke it
in. And so, when we say like, "Hey, I
want to fix this GitHub issue for this
project." it will know like, "Okay, let
me use the fix GitHub issue workflow and
I'll route it to the rag YouTube chat
repository.
And the the web UI is one of the things
that we can spin up once we go through
the setup here. So, first it asks what
platforms do you want to set up. So, the
CLI is always included by default. I can
also set up you know, like Telegram. So,
you just do you know, like
um enter to select or unselect. Um for
this, I'm going to keep it really simple
and just do the CLI.
Um yeah, but you can set up like all the
adapters that we support in Arkon right
here. So, you specify the ones that you
want and then in a little bit it'll go
through a process where we can give our
API keys. But it's a separate process
because we don't want to just send our
API keys directly into a coding agent or
an an LLM. So, I'll submit these answers
here.
So, I just want to set up the CLI so I
can run workflows there. So, the CLI and
the web UI obviously don't require you
to have any additional parameters or API
keys. So, they'll just come they'll work
right out the gate.
So, then what it does here is it creates
Arkon as a global command. So, that way
we can just run you know, like Arkon the
CLI to invoke workflows. But trust me,
you're never going to do this yourself.
You're just going to have your coding
agent run Arkon workflows. So, you don't
really have to understand the CLI
yourself. That's the beauty of having an
Arkon skill is your coding agent can
load the skill and then it knows how to
invoke the Arkon CLI to kick off
workflows for you.
All right. And so, now what happens is
it helps you configure your credentials.
But it runs this in a separate terminal
because we don't want our coding agent
to see our API keys. That would be a
huge security risk.
And so, it it will automatically spin up
a new terminal for you to go through the
setup. But depending on your operating
system, it might not there might not be
support to like automatically start a
new terminal.
And so, you might need to just use do
this yourself. And so, for me because
I'm running in a VPS, there's no like
automatic terminal spin up. So, I just
have to connect into the machine again.
So,
let me do that. So, I got to remember
the path to my SSH key.
Uh
there we go.
Goodness, I can't type today.
Gosh. All right. And then
um I forgot the IP of my machine. Shoot.
What is the IP address of my machine?
Here, I'm going to pull this up on
another monitor here.
Um
All right. Pull this up.
There we go. Okay.
All right. So, SSH in and then I will go
to
the path here, dark factory Arkon.
Wait, that's not it.
Dark factory
uh oh yeah, capital A. Okay.
All right. So, then all you have to do
in the separate terminal is run the
Arkon setup command and it it walks you
through this here. If it doesn't spin up
the terminal automatically, you just do
that yourself. And now we just go
through the setup process. So, I'll zoom
in on this here. So, first what database
do you want to use? SQLite is the
easiest to set up and so, I recommend
that. You can use Postgres though if you
want to have an external database you
connect to. Uh which shoot, I
accidentally entered that. So, let me go
through the setup again. So, SQLite and
then here's where it asks what coding
agent you want to use. And so, these are
the two we support right now. Like I
talked about, we want to add more as
well.
So, space to select and then enter to
confirm. And then it asks, "How do you
want to authenticate with Claude?"
And so, there's three options here. We
can give an OAuth token. Like if you
want to just run you know, the Claude
like setup token command to get an OS
token you can give your API key which I
wouldn't recommend cuz it's going to get
expensive and then like I said we are
allowed to use our anthropic
subscription with Claude code with the
Claude Asian SDK and Archon. So I'm just
going to use my global off. So on this
instance I've already authenticated with
Claude.
If you use Claude code a lot and you're
installing Archon on your machine then
the authentication is already set right
like you don't even have to set up any
other environment variable.
And then it asks what platforms I want
to connect as in what ones do I want to
enter in an API key for. I'm not
actually going to I mean I guess I'll
just do GitHub right now just so I can
show you one of these. So you do
space to select and then enter to
confirm. And then what it'll do is for
each of the platforms that you select
that you want to install Archon with.
This is very similar to the open claw
setup.
If you guys have installed open claw
before is for each one of the platforms
it'll like give you instructions. Like
here's how you get your your GitHub
personal access token.
And so I'm going to off camera obviously
go ahead and get that and copy it.
So let me go to
there we go.
So I'll paste it in because it
automatically hides it.
Which is good wouldn't want to show that
on the live stream
but yeah gives you instructions for how
to do that. It'll be the same for every
single one of your platforms that you
configure. And then another thing
obviously for the sake of security is we
for each of the platforms that we set up
like GitHub and slack and telegram we
want to have a comma separated list of
users that are allowed to invoke Archon.
Because if I have Archon running on a
public repository I don't necessarily
want anyone to be able to just say like
you know at Archon fix this issue
because then it's spending my tokens and
it's not me invoking it. So I'll just
say like this is the only user that's
allowed to use it.
And then you can change the mention
names like in GitHub you do at Archon
and then you give it the request like
that's how you talk to it. So I'm good
with with that as the default.
So I don't need to set up anything
separate.
And then the other thing is it also for
that repository that we we registered.
So this repo that I found just as like a
a random one where was it? Yeah this
one. So like I I gave it this to
register as the first repository.
We can also copy the Archon skill into
that project.
And the the reason I want to do that is
then I can open up my coding agent
directly in that code base and since the
Archon skill is there it knows how to
use the Archon CLI. So that way I don't
have to open my coding agent in the
Archon repo in order to work on another
repository.
Because as long as the Archon skill is
there the Archon CLI is a global CLI. So
we can invoke it from anywhere on our
machine. Like I can just open up my
terminal right here and just say like
Archon right and then that automatically
works
because it's a globally registered
command but our coding agent only knows
how to use it like use all the different
commands and options if we have the
skill. So I just want to copy it over
into the code base. So
All right and then the docs directory
not to worry about that right now. And
there we go our setup is complete. And
so we go through all of this
and then we go back here
and we just say done. So like we
finished and now it's going to validate
all of the credentials
and make sure that we're good to go and
then it'll actually test the Archon CLI.
So it'll run a workflow for us to make
sure that everything is all configured
properly.
So we'll let that run here as well.
All right.
So here we go running a quick test here.
So we can see that it is using the
Archon CLI. So it thanks to the skill it
knows how to. You never have to worry
about running it yourself. You just ask
the coding agent to do so. So it's
running the Archon assist workflow
and it is doing it on our repo that we
registered the first repo that we
registered.
And so it's just you know say hello like
a really basic test to make sure that it
works. And there we go it's good.
So yeah I'll copy the skill over. I
guess it asks us here as well. Maybe
that's something to touch up but anyway
so every single time that you
invoke a workflow from the CLI it's
going to run as a background process. So
Claude code or code X like it has access
to
the full logs from the workflow. So you
can like ask it for a status if it's a
longer running workflow or you can say
like hey summarize what happened in the
workflow like it's
able to basically you know communicate
with the workflow that it runs because
all the logs are right there in the
background process.
So there we go our setup is complete. So
it tells us what is configured and then
it gives us next steps as well. So take
a look at this.
We are immediately ready
to use Archon in our code base now and
we can register it with any other code
base we want as well. So like I can just
say like you know
I'll go into my speech to text tool here
and I'll say like use the GitHub issue
fix workflow to fix issue number two on
XYZ repository right? Like I can send
off this request
and it will automatically if I you know
give it obviously the path to the repo
here it'll use the Archon CLI to run the
GitHub fix issue workflow on this repo
and then that also automatically
registers that repository with Archon so
it knows about it going forward if the
repository wasn't registered already.
And then the other thing is wherever I
have the Archon skill copied which if
you want to copy it yourself in the
Archon repo it's just within the dot
Claude skills. So this and I'll put a
link to this in the chat right now as
well. This skill
which you can just ask your coding agent
to copy it into your new like whatever
repo you want to start using Archon with
but this skill tells it how to use the
CLI. Like this is literally the only
requirement. So another thing is if you
want to use your second brain with
Archon all you have to do is put this
skill into your second brain repo.
And then it'll immediately be able to
start using Archon workflows. So you can
basically add Archon as the coding arm
for your second brain. So you can create
your own harnesses your own workflows
and then you can tell your second brain
to invoke it on whatever repo you you
want as long as you give it the path and
it loads the Archon skill then it knows
how to use the CLI.
And so for anything here if it's like
confusing like okay what repo do I open
up or like how do I get the skill or how
do I register projects like you
literally just ask Archon and it knows
how to do everything because the skill
walks it through everything. So let me
actually show you this here. So in this
other terminal here
I'm going to
um
clear and then so it says I can change
my directory into the Claude memory
compiler.
And then I can run Claude to launch
Claude here. So I'll do
the dangerously skip permissions again.
Or I guess it's not here. I'll just have
to type it out manually. So Claude
dangerously skip permissions.
And then you can see that since I copied
over the skill to this repo during the
setup I can just say load the Archon
skill. Not that you have to say this
explicitly every time but I'm just
demonstrating that like we have the
Archon skill in this repo. So now it's
going to know how to invoke any
workflow.
And then within the repo here okay we
actually have a couple of issues. Cool.
This 6 p.m. thing is very edgy. I've
never actually seen this issue before by
the way cuz this is a public repo.
Um
That's okay. Massive token consumption.
Interesting. [snorts]
All right well I'm trying to find one
that's actually like
Um see it exists. Okay well let's try
this one. This is kind of random but I'm
just going to pick a random issue like
number one here. So like watch this. All
I have to do is say
I want you to use Archon to fix issue
number one.
That's it. It's so simple cuz it knows
the workflows it has access to. It's
going to pick the right one right? Like
it's going to pick the Archon fix GitHub
issue. It knows how to use the CLI.
Boom. That is it and we have this full
process running now. So Archon fix
GitHub issue is running in the
background. It's going to check on the
progress periodically and
um
Oh hold on.
The workflow failed because you're not
logged into the GitHub CLI.
Oh that's a bummer. Okay hold on. I
guess I have to do that. I thought I
already did the login here.
Um
Let's see. Paste authentication token.
Hold on. I'm going to do this off camera
quick.
Um I thought I already did that part of
the setup so it's kind of weird that it
says but I'm I'm just going to try the
login here.
All right. So
Yeah see it says I'm already logged into
this account. I think Claude might be
tripping right now.
Let me try resuming the conversation.
Let's see.
I logged in. Also it says I already was
so I am confused. There might be
something else I forgot to or I messed
up in my configuration on this machine.
Let's see.
But it's cool like it can just rerun the
workflow right? Like we can just talk to
Claude as we normally would.
And so it can use Archon as a tool just
like it would use sub agents or just
like it would use skills.
It says it exited again.
The error is actually from the Claude
code off. The not logged in is coming
from the Claude code agent that Archon
spawns.
Um
Check Claude.
Oh, I think I know what it is. I think
it's because of the
Uh it's because of this specific repo. I
have the dot Claude folder with the
settings.json.
If I just remove this
I might just do the demo on my computer
instead of this VPS cuz I I think it's
just this specific code base that I have
some of my Claude code hooks that are
running. It's a
whole thing.
Oh, wait. Oh, wait. I know what's wrong.
It's because I have this already set up
to use MiniMax M2.7 for the dark factory
stuff I was going to show you guys.
That's my bad.
Uh okay, I have to I have to demo this
on another machine here. And by the way,
we were using MiniMax 2.7 for
everything.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Um cuz I was getting some stuff set up
ahead of time for the live stream here.
Sorry guys, I'm complicating things more
than I
um
I then I need to because I I'm I have
some other things prepared for you guys
here. So okay, here's what I'm going to
do. I'm going to show you a
demonstration by doing it right from
Arkon. So um this will be better anyway
cuz then I can show you guys the web UI.
Uh which by the way, if you want to
start the Arkon web UI, all you have to
do is go into the Arkon code base and
say start the back end and front end of
Arkon. That's it.
Um start the back end and front end of
Arkon. I guess my speech text got cut
off, but that's all you have to do. So I
hope that like the pattern is clear here
for your setup, for getting things up
and running, for running Arkon. It just
comes down to like the Arkon skill
guides it through everything. All
workflow execution managing the
application, super super easy.
So within my Arkon here let's go ahead
and uh zoom in a bit. Let's say I just
wanted to handle an issue. So this is
going to be kind of meta cuz I'm using
Arkon to improve Arkon. Um but like I
said, you could do this on any code base
where we have the Arkon skill.
Um so I'm going to find an issue.
There's quite a few issues that have
been created in the last couple of days
cuz we're we have a lot of eyes on Arkon
right now. We're at 16.2 thousand stars,
which I'm honored by the way. Um
Okay.
Uh let's see. So okay, this is a good
one. So chat UI fails silently when the
Claude OAuth refresh token is expired.
So this is issue number 1076.
So watch this. I'm going to go in this
just like I was trying to do in the VPS.
I just have things uh configured. We'll
talk about the dark factory stuff in a
bit cuz I want to use MiniMax um
anyway. So I'll go in here and I'll say
uh use Arkon to fix uh issue number
1076.
There we go.
All right. Now now we'll see it in
action. So uh again, it'll load the
Arkon skill. Well, I guess first it'll
view the GitHub issue. And then yep,
load the Arkon skill so it knows how to
invoke workflows and then it'll kick off
the workflow.
So Arkon fix GitHub issue and then uh
we're doing it in a branch. So it's
going to do this in a work tree so we
have isolation. And there we go. So now
the workflow is running in a background
process. So Claude code has support for
this. I don't know if Codex does as well
cuz I haven't used Codex in a while if
I'm going to be honest, but if you click
into the shell here like if I if I press
the down arrow and then hit enter, I can
see the details and the logs of the
workflow as it's running. So we can
monitor it here.
And then the cool thing is because it
runs as a background process, I can
continue. I can run more Arkon
workflows. I can keep just talking to
the agent here. I can also say give me a
status update. So it can look into the
logs for the background process and then
tell me what stage of the workflow it's
in. So if I want to check in cuz this is
a longer running workflow, it can say
like oh, it's currently investigating or
it's in the middle of classifying the
issue. So it it reads like I know it
looks kind of long here, but this is the
the logs that are stored internally on
my machine for the background process.
And then it says, all right, cool. So
work tree is created. It uh extracted
the issue number and it classified the
issue. So it's currently running the web
research step. And if we go to the web
UI here
I can actually see that. So take a look
at this. We have it currently running so
I can see it in my chat. If I go to the
mission control right here, I can also
see all of my running UI but especially
as you're building your own custom
workflows, it can be really really
useful when you're first debugging
things to dive into a workflow log and
like make sure that things are actually
happening as you intend them to.
And so we can see the logs. I know like
this one specifically the the web
searching it it's um a longer step, but
like we can see all these tool calls
come in live
as uh as it's working.
Um and then we can invoke a ton of
different workflows in parallel and we
can watch them all here. And we can
click between the logs for them. Uh it's
pretty cool. So yeah, and so we can
monitor it here or in the web UI.
And uh you know what? Just for the sake
of getting kind of fancy here
I'm going to uh I'm going to show you
guys how I how I actually use Arkon
every single day. Cuz here's the thing.
I am not just working on one issue at a
time with Arkon.
Um the fix GitHub issue workflow is my
most often used, but I'm using it in
parallel a lot. So take a look at this.
I'm going to go into my speech-to-text
tool.
I'm going to say
Okay, I also want to handle more issues.
So let's see here.
Uh let's tackle issue number 1067.
Um
Let's see. Let's also do
um 1082
uh and 1087.
All right. So I'm going to send this in.
Uh by the way, usually I'll do even more
than this at once, but I just want to
make sure that I don't hit my rate
limits for Claude right now.
Cuz it like I mean, we're doing a lot of
work in parallel here. Not that Arkon is
token inefficient. In fact, we've been
doing a lot of things to make it more
token efficient, but still like there is
a a bunch that I'm doing at the same
time right here.
And watch this. Not only can I say, you
know, spin up the workflows in parallel,
but I can say I want you to, you know,
run these workflows in parallel. I want
you to wait until all of them are done.
So monitor the workflows until we have
pull requests for every single one of
them. And then once we have pull
requests for every single one of them,
then I also want you to run the validate
PR workflow on all these in parallel.
And then when it produces the comments
in the PRs, I want you to view the pull
requests, look at all of the issues that
we need to address. I want you to
address them and push the changes to the
branches for the pull request.
And I could even combine all this into a
single workflow if I wanted as well. But
it's like look at how comprehensive this
is. We are going all the way from issue
to a final validated pull request.
And we're doing it in parallel. So it's
spinning up all of these at the exact
same time
as background processes. So now if I go
into the four shells that I have open
here in Claude code, we can see that
they're they're all currently running.
And then I can go hit enter to view the
logs for any one of them.
And um then of course, I can see them
all running in the web UI as well. So
let's go back to the dashboard and there
we go. We got all four of them running.
So we have each of them running in the
last 20 seconds here and then this one
that's been going on for 5 minutes now.
Pretty cool.
So yeah, we're still doing the web
research on this one here.
But yeah, that that's how I use Arkon on
the day-to-day. Like most of the time
when I'm working on a code base
I'm I'm going to be filing things as
issues, whether it's a bug that I'm
going to be working on or it's a new
feature that I want to add. Like both of
those those fit as GitHub issues.
And it's also nice because this is kind
of like my personal mission control for
everything I want to work on. And so
that's why we see like Rasmus opening up
so many GitHub issues. Like we're using
this more than you know, other people
are because this is where we document
all the things that we want to work on.
Like Rasmus is opening up issue after
issue
for you know, bugs and feature requests.
And so it's also really nice because
GitHub is where we're going to keep
track of the versioning of Arkon. Like
as you evolve your code base and you
want your coding agent to remember
things that you've worked on in the
past, you're going to rely on Git
commits. I actually love using the Git
log as long-term memory for my coding
agents. And so I'm already keeping track
of all my work in in uh as the Git
commits. And so I might as well like
track things in issue in issues as well
for like the upcoming work that I have.
So you can of course hook in like a MCP
server or skill for Arkon to use another
external platform like Linear or Jira
for your task management. I personally
just love using uh GitHub as my task
management. So that's why the GitHub CLI
is so crucial for me for pretty much all
of my Arkon workflows.
Now of course, there are Arkon workflows
that don't have anything to do with
GitHub. So like for example, if I want
to create a PRD, I can say, you know,
use Arkon to walk me through creating a
PRD. And so this is going to uh you
know, hopefully load the Arkon skill
here and then walk me through the
interactive PRD workflow. So I'm just
showing off another workflow really
quickly. And this one's actually pretty
cool cuz it has human in the loop. So it
asks you some questions. It starts
building the PRD and then it stops to
ask you more questions. So maybe we'll
see this in action really quick here.
And then I also I do want to get into
the other
um
the other thing I wanted to show you
guys like building a workflow based on
GSD.
Okay.
Um pick your starting points. Let's see.
Okay, so it actually tells me like
here's a few different workflows. Um I
want to use the interactive PRD
workflow.
So, let's have it kick that off for us
here.
Okay.
Interactive workflows.
Uh got it. The interactive PRD workflow
is a guided conversation where AI asks
questions in rounds to build out a PRD.
Cool. So,
um
I don't know.
I want to build support for Pi agents in
Arkon. Well, that I mean I think it's
kind of an interesting example that you
know, let me make sure actually my
speech-to-text tool spells that right.
And I'll just say uh with the SDK. Not
that I'll build this right now, but I'll
I'll show you guys quickly what it looks
like to go through a different workflow
cuz like I get so hyper-focused on using
the fixed GitHub issue workflow. I want
to show you guys something a little bit
different here.
Okay, so there we go. So, now it kicks
off the Arkon investigate or sorry,
interactive PRD. So, the workflow is
running. It's going to explore the code
base before it starts asking us some
questions here.
And we can obviously go and like view it
in the logs along with the other ones.
So, this workflow is actually in a
paused state now. So, you can see in the
web UI we have support for this where
it'll show us like here is where we have
a human-in-the-loop step. So, while the
all the other workflows are running,
this one we're more interacting with.
So,
uh let me So, it says it's paused. Let
me grab the output. So, it's going to
read the logs and it's going to uh ask
us some questions here, right? So, we
the workflow is in a paused state for us
to give feedback. And this is very
similar to what I was showing in the uh
example in the diagram earlier where we
could have like human-in-the-loop for a
planning step.
But, we get to actually review the plan
and have the coding agent iterate on
this before we go to the next step. So,
asking some foundation questions.
Uh let's see. So, who has this problem?
Um
everyone using Arkon. I think it's kind
of a weird question actually. What
problems are they facing?
Uh the problem they're facing right now
is there a lot of people that don't want
to use Claude or Codex specifically.
They want to use different models. Pi is
more of a general agent that makes it
really easy
to uh to use other models.
Um
let's see. Why can't they solve it
today? Uh well, we don't have support
for Pi yet. And I want to build this now
because we're currently working on
making big improvements to Arkon and Pi
is one of our priorities. We will know
when it's solved. Success looks like we
can use Pi any model in Pi with all of
our Arkon workflows.
So, these questions um if you aren't
familiar, these are like really standard
questions for product managers to ask
when they're first creating a PRD. So,
we have a like a lot of like product
manager best practices built into this
workflow.
Um now, the some of the questions were a
little awkward for me right now just for
the demonstration here, but they they
are like legitimately good questions to
ask when you're first creating a product
requirements document. So, now you can
see that um using the Arkon skill, Arkon
knows like, "Okay, let's resume the
workflow within approve state." So,
we're approving and then it's giving our
feedback in.
So, it passed our answers through. So,
now the workflow is it went out of the
paused state into the running state. We
can of course view the logs here to see
what's going on.
So, this is the first node that it ran.
And then it asked us some questions.
Now, we move on to the next one. So,
it's kind of just like a process of like
asking us questions and going in a loop
here.
All right.
Um oh, is it paused again? Hold on. No,
it's still running. Okay. So, we'll wait
for it again.
Although, I might actually not continue
with this demonstration cuz I think you
guys get the idea. It really just does
this in a loop where it has like a set
of questions that are it goes through
for each one of the the prompts that we
have right here.
So, I think you guys get the point. But,
there's an example of a workflow where
um it doesn't really have anything to do
with GitHub cuz not all of them have to.
That's what I wanted to show. The final
artifact obviously of this workflow is
going to be a markdown document which is
our PRD. So, then we would, you know,
break that up into tasks and and go
through a PID loop as a separate Arkon
workflow to uh knock out all the phases
that we have in that PRD.
And then if you really wanted to get
fancy, you could even if you wanted to
make it so that the whole like PID loop
process and PRD creation like everything
is a single Arkon workflow. Like I said,
your entire software development life
cycle, you can package that all up as an
Arkon workflow.
All right.
Cool.
So, yeah, I think with that I want to
show you guys how to create a workflow
from scratch.
Cuz it's actually beautifully easy.
So, I'm going to open up another Arkon
session here. And you know, before I do
that, I do want to spend some more time
with Q&amp;A with you guys. So, let me go
back to the full frame here.
And I will open up some more questions.
All right.
So, give me a second to kind of read
through what we got here.
And then I think uh yeah, so Rasmus is
is here in the live stream now answering
questions. Appreciate it a lot, Rasmus.
And then thank you, Thomas, as well.
Um
let's see.
Uh what is the simplest path to get this
to work with linear tasks instead of
GitHub issues?
Yeah, so my recommendation would be to
use either the linear MCP or create a
skill to use the linear API.
And then you would build a custom
workflow.
So, instead of like fixed GitHub issue,
it would be like fixed linear issue or
like handle linear task. And you could
even have Arkon reference the fixed
GitHub issue workflow
and use that as a starting point where
you would just mold things to be all
linear instead of all GitHub.
So, it's actually very easy to
integrate any platform that you want
into Arkon because for every single
node, you can inject skills or MCP
servers.
Um so, for the case of GitHub like
coding agents are so good at using the
GitHub CLI that I don't need a GitHub
CLI skill. You might need that for
linear though or like I said, the MCP
server.
But seriously, all you have to do and
I'll show you this in a second is you
like okay, watch this.
Um
I don't know I don't think I'll actually
run this right now, but I Oh, here. Let
me go back to my scene so you guys can
see my screen. I forgot I wasn't sharing
my screen. So, I can say like
uh load the Arkon skill. I want to
create a version of the GitHub fixed
issue workflow, but specifically for
linear instead of GitHub.
Like that is all you have to do. Now,
obviously, you're going to probably have
to iterate quite a bit on the prompting
and like really making things specific
to you. Uh so, this is this is certainly
an oversimplification, but like this
literally could be your starting point.
Like this is what you you send in.
Um and so, yeah, after a little bit of
Q&amp;A here, I'll show you what it looks
like to create a workflow in like Man,
the Arkon skill is so beautiful because
it just it knows everything. It'll It'll
walk you through everything. And And
another thing I love doing with coding
agents is
I like asking it to ask me questions.
And so, maybe I would send in Let me go
back to my aqua voice here.
So, I can paste this back in. Um and I
can say like, you know, ask me questions
to make sure you understand uh my linear
setup and exactly how I want the
workflow to function. Right? So, that
way you're you're kind of reducing the
assumptions that it makes up front.
Um and so, what it produces in the end
is going to be better aligned with what
you actually want before you go into
iterating. You'll probably still have to
iterate, but that's the idea here is
like go through a bit of a planning
process with Arkon
before it um
before it creates the workflow for us.
All right.
Cool. What else do we got here?
&gt;&gt; [snorts]
&gt;&gt; Um with the session management within
the workflows, how is context
persistence handled? Is the data and
context passed through the nodes?
Okay, that is a really good question.
And uh we have a few different ways to
handle context persistence here.
So,
uh I'm trying to think if I have a good
workflow to demonstrate this. Instead of
poking around, I might just more answer
your question at a high level.
Um but yeah, one [clears throat] of the
core things that we have in Arkon is a
parameter for each node that specifies
if we want to continue the session from
the prior node or start fresh.
And so, that that flexibility is pretty
powerful because maybe you want a
different node where you inject
different skills
or you just want to like have a new node
for some reason cuz you want to like
switch models or something, but you want
to still continue the same conversation
from the previous node. You can do that.
Or you can say like I actually want to
start completely from scratch in this
node.
And then another thing that we have in
Arkon
is we have like outputs. Like we can
output artifacts.
And so like for in this case, we have
the planning step
and it's going to output a plan to our
artifact directory for our current
workflow execution. So, this is like one
of the primitives we have in workflows.
It's like the artifact dir.
And then we when we go in a brand new
session in the implement stage,
we are going to prompt it to read the
plan from the artifact directory. So, if
I look at the Archon fix issue command,
let me open this up here cuz we you can
prompt inline. I've shown that in some
of the workflows. You can you can have
the prompt right in the YAML for the
workflow. Or if you want to and you want
it to like kind of be more organized,
you can have it reference a command in
the commands folder. So, we'll go to
Archon
fix issue. There's a lot of commands
here, so I have to find the right one.
There we go.
So, Archon fix issue, you'll see here
that the argument is the artifacts path.
So, Archon is smart enough to know like
once we are done with the planning and
we have our plan here, we're going to
prompt in a brand new session for our
coding agent to read that plan.
Right? Like go to the artifact directory
and read that plan and then go through
the implementation here. So, it's a
brand new session, but then we're still
passing some context or like I said, you
can just
have the context be like continue
instead of fresh.
So, it's up to you like flexibility
depending on how you typically work.
All right.
Let's see what else we got here.
Let's see. Have you really given
anything other than Opus a real try at
agentic coding tasks? I haven't.
Uh so, I I do mostly use Opus for my
implementation. However, I have tested a
lot of using Sonnet for my Archon
workflows.
So, I talked about this a little bit at
the start of the live stream, but I get
better results using Sonnet to fix
GitHub issues with this workflow than
just using Opus by itself in Claude
code.
Because of all of the context
engineering that goes into you know,
like this I guess you could call this
like a GitHub issue harness, like a
fixer harness.
Uh so, I have run this with Sonnet. So,
Sonnet is actually the default model for
all the nodes here. Uh now for the
implementation itself, I think we have
it set to Yeah, so we have it set to
using Opus. So, like the default
workflow as it stands uses Opus
specifically for implementation, but
obviously, if you just delete this,
it'll use Sonnet as the default or um
you know, you can change the model
manually or whatever. But let's say like
at one point I had it set to Sonnet and
I was using it Sonnet for everything.
Sonnet or Haiku for everything here and
I was still getting really good results.
Obviously, obviously, the best model is
always going to give you the best
results.
Um but for the sake of like making sure
you don't hit your rate limits and
stuff, you can use Sonnet for these
workflows.
And you can even like ask it to adjust
the model at the default level or the
specific node level before you run it if
you want to.
All right.
People like seeing you failing. Pretty
sure it makes you a normal human. I
assume you referenced that when I was
having all of the
issues here in the VPS. So, I appreciate
that. We'll talk about why I have those
issues in a second cuz I have a Claude
code I'm not actually authenticated with
Claude.
I am authenticated with the Minimax API.
That's what was causing the problems on
the VPS cuz I'm getting things set up
for the Dark Factory.
All right. How many tokens does start
the app take?
So, when I asked it to just like spin up
the front end and back end of Archon,
I mean, I don't know exactly, but it's
probably just going to be a couple
hundred unless it's like running into an
issue for some reason. It's not going to
take that many tokens.
And by the way, you can see here that
it's already kicking off the whole
process here helping me create the
linear version of the workflow. So,
asking me some questions here. I'll
answer those and then it'll create the
workflow and test it for me and
everything. Like I won't go through this
full process here, but for the question
earlier on on migrating to linear, like
it's just so easy to have it walk
through cuz pretty much like here's the
thing. All of the default workflows that
we have in Archon,
there's two there's two uses for them.
One is you can just use them directly
out of the box if if there is one that
like matches how you already work, but
the other maybe even like more important
part of these default workflows is it's
a reference point for your coding agent
to build something that's actually
custom to you.
And so, even if you're building
something that's like super different
than everything we have here, like some
kind of like refactoring workflow for
example. Actually, we have that as well.
So, maybe that's not the best example,
but even if you have some like super
different workflow that's like not even
close to anything we have here,
you still want your coding agent like
loaded in the Archon repo to look at
these as a reference to understand like
the different parameters we have for
nodes and how we handle loops or
whatever else like deterministic nodes,
whatever you might want in your
workflow.
So, very easy to pretty much build any
I'll show that in a second, but I just
want to answer a couple more questions
here cuz you guys have a lot of really
good ones.
All right.
Let's see.
All right. [snorts]
Yep, Pi next week. Yeah, not not a
promise that like we'll have it ready
ready next week, but I'm definitely
going to be working on me or Rasmus will
be working on the pull request for
adding in Pi.
Um could I make a node to use Codex
Spark in a workflow?
Um I mean, there's nothing stopping you.
You can make a node do literally
anything because it can be a prompt to a
coding agent or it can be a script. Even
if you wanted to use a coding agent
that's not supported by Archon directly,
you can just make a script that invokes
that. Like the Yeah, the world's your
oyster here.
All right.
Um let's see. What about
create a node to mention other workflow
not only a command? I I I think what
you're asking about here is if we can
nest workflows. Like if we can have a
workflow that calls another workflow.
And uh that is something that we are
planning on adding support for. Yeah.
So, I haven't added that yet. Like sub
workflow execution like you have in N8N.
I haven't added that yet because I
haven't found a clear use for it for me
personally,
but you're not the first one to ask
about it. And so, like we are definitely
interested in adding support for that.
Show some love and hit the like. I
appreciate it a lot. Yeah, if you guys
want to like the stream, I of course
would appreciate that.
Like the stream and and subscribe
because I'm going to be putting out a
lot of content on Archon.
Because like yeah, I'm getting pretty
deep into the live stream here,
but certainly a lot more I can show
about like creating custom workflows and
things that I'll be doing with future
YouTube content and then of course in
the Dynamis community as well. Uh so,
yeah, I just want to mention this again.
I am planning on doing a lot of of
workshops around Archon
um in Dynamis coming up here in the next
couple of months including using Archon
with your second brain and some
strategies to show like
how I use my second brain to delegate
work across my codebases with Archon.
It's a bit of outside of the scope for
our live stream here, but yeah,
certainly the second brain is another
really big part of what I've been doing
and what I'm covering in the Dynamis
community. So, if you don't know, I did
a full 4-hour course on building your
own AI second brain in Dynamis. So, I
took the entire system that saves me
like no exaggeration at least 20 hours a
week and I built it like from the ground
up in a live stream so that you can
follow along. And so, I am turning it
into the third course for Dynamis. Uh
and so, you know, I'll put this link in
the chat again. If you're interested in
really like being on the forefront of
Archon and going through these workshops
and all the courses and building your
own second brain, there's so much value
packed into the community. Not to
mention all of the amazing minds in
there sharing ideas every single day.
Come join us in Dynamis. I'd I'd love to
have you there.
Uh and I I appreciate it. Dynamis
community is great. Yeah, thank you very
much for all of you guys who are in the
community here in the stream. Always
appreciate you guys being a part of it.
Yeah. Appreciate your passion and
sharing of knowledge.
Yeah, you're very welcome. It is my
pleasure.
Yeah, I mean, I'm I'm excited. Like we
had the question earlier of like why
open source Archon? I mean, to me like
there's not an alternative. I can't I
can't imagine building something like
this and just like hiding it from the
world. Like I just I want people to to
see what is possible with AI coding.
Like in the end, that's like my number
one goal with my I guess you could call
it like my career. Like my with my
career in business, like my number one
goal is just to
show people like what is possible with
AI. And also to just like cut through a
lot of the fluff. Like I want to be
real, but inspirational at the same
time. You know what I mean? Like there's
a lot of people that are saying like you
can vibe code everything and it's going
to be perfect and you can make millions
of dollars. Like I'm not one of those
persons that's people that's like here's
how to vibe code to make $10,000. Like
no, I'm realistic like
you have to have human in the loop. You
can't just vibe code. Things take time.
Coding agents make mistakes. Like I'm
real on all of that. But then that's
also why I'm building these tools
specifically to add in deterministic
steps, human in the loop, like building
these harnesses because then that allows
you to circumvent a lot of these real
problems that a lot of people are
ignoring.
And so, actually going to my YouTube
channel here, it's funny cuz like
Wait, hold on. I I think I still have
this in my YouTube channel.
Um Yeah, yeah. So, I've had this like
one-liner for my YouTube channel um for
like literally ever since I started my
channel in 2024, I've always had this
sentence. Um join me as I push the
limits of what's possible with AI. And
I've always kept this sentence because
that is really what I'm trying to do
here. Like in a realistic way, like
don't you can't just vibe code a $10,000
a month site in a week. In a realistic
way, I am showing what it's like to push
the limits of AI. And I And I really
think that like harness engineering is
the forefront of AI right now, which is
why I'm so excited about Archon.
So, yeah, there's my little spiel on on
my my vision and and why I want to make
sure that Archon is available to
everyone.
Cool.
All right. John said my brain is online
thanks to Cole in the community.
Couldn't have done it without the crew.
I appreciate a lot, John. Yeah, I
appreciate you being
an active member of the community.
Arun just joined the community. Thank
you very much. Welcome to Dynamis, my
friend.
I'm going to be
So, yeah, I'm I'm in Dynamis like
literally every single day. So, I've
been prepping for the live stream today.
Haven't gotten to the posts in the last
like 12 hours, but yeah, I mean like I'm
replying to everything like every single
day. So, I'll be sure to to greet you if
you want to make an introduction post as
well. I'd love to see that.
All right.
Let's see.
Any plans to utilize local LLMs? So,
that is actually one of the reasons I
want to add in Pi cuz Pi will make it
easier to use local LLMs. And then also
within Claude Code, you can integrate it
with things like Ollama to use local
models.
So, I I know that So, MiniMax M2.7, I'm
not using That's not obviously running
locally cuz it's a massive model.
But, this is a demonstration of like I
do actually have Claude working with a
different model.
Like check check this out. If I go back
into Claude and I say, "What model are
you?" Like this isn't just a gimmick. It
is actually using MiniMax M2.7 through
the MiniMax API. So, you can change
Claude Code to work with other providers
like GLM, MiniMax, Ollama so that you
can talk to local models. So, I'm adding
in Pi cuz it'll make it easier and it's
more like natively supported. Uh hold
on. I got a sneeze coming.
Excuse me.
&gt;&gt; [snorts]
&gt;&gt; Um but yeah,
you can you can connect Claude Code.
Like you can already use Archon with
local models. If you wanted to try like
there's been a couple people in the
Dynamis community that have actually
used Gemma 4 with Archon workflows. Like
Gemma 4 are kind of driving the whole
ship. So, definitely possible already.
Pi will make it even easier though.
&gt;&gt; [snorts]
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
Uh is there a way to override some
settings like the model without changing
the default YAML files?
So, I think there is a parameter to
change the default model, but if it's
overridden at the individual node
configuration, there's not a way to
change that right now.
Uh but like you shouldn't be afraid to
just ask Archon to change the YAML for
you, even if it's just like a temporary
thing or it like revert it after it's
done with the workflow. Um it can
definitely do that. Like I've actually
been doing that a lot recently with
Claude Code skills where the skill will
like change its own scripts as before it
runs them and then just like revert it
after I'm done with that set of work for
any kind of like PowerPoint diagram or
PDF generation. I've been doing that.
So, I wouldn't be afraid to, but but
still like that maybe that is like a
real sugge- like not maybe that is a
good suggestion to make it even easier.
Um let me actually ask it right here.
Uh so, based on the Archon scale, what
can you tell me about support for
changing the model without having to
change the YAML itself? Like is there a
flag for the CLI to change the model
that's used?
So, I'm I guess I'm kind of like
validating the answer that I gave you
quick here cuz I mean Archon's such a
massive code base, it's hard for me to
remember like everything that we've
decided, especially cuz like I said,
Thomas and Rasmus have been helping me a
lot in Archon as well. So, I'm also not
the one that's built everything in the
platform.
Okay, let's see.
Oh, there's no model CLI flag.
Okay, so I I Yeah, I guess I have to
take that back. We don't have a way to
do it right now.
Uh you would just have to edit the YAML
directly.
Which again like feel free to do that,
but also like that that is a good
suggestion. Even if you wanted to make a
GitHub issue for that
in the Archon repo, I'd be down to to
address that.
Cuz I'm just going to have it uh
Okay, so I will say that like when I use
Archon to work on your guys' issues in
Archon, like don't worry. I am actually
reviewing your issues and reviewing the
pull requests as well. So, I am like
legitimately considering the the things
that you guys bring up. Um but yeah,
just like as the I delegate the coding
to the agent itself 100%.
We can see that this workflow Actually,
we are almost done here
with the GitHub issue fix.
And then if I look at my Claude rate
limits, so I'm actually curious where we
are at with that.
Uh let's take a look.
Okay, it's actually not too bad.
Okay.
So, here here's my Claude rate limits
for right now.
&gt;&gt; [clears throat and cough]
&gt;&gt; This is This is not too bad.
So,
um
I've used 37% of my 5-hour limit in the
past
like 3 hour or 4 3 hours and 45 minutes,
right?
And we're only at 37%. Before So,
there's a lot of stuff I was doing to
prep for the stream today
this morning before I started. So, we
were already at like
15 to 20% before I kicked off all these
workflows. And we've been doing quite a
bit with Claude recently. I mean, we
have so many workflows running right
now. And it it used less than 20% of my
5-hour limit. And we're almost done with
all these workflows. Like they're pretty
token efficient.
You could you could run the fix GitHub
issue workflow
like does like at least a couple of
dozen of times um and and until you hit
your 5-hour limit. And like that's a lot
of work with that Claude is doing.
Uh now, the really unfortunate thing is
my limit reset yesterday and I'm already
at 32% for the week. That is a huge
bummer. Like I'm probably going to hit
my weekly limit around Tuesday or
Wednesday.
It's unfortunate.
Uh so, yeah, there
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; there are always people that tell me
they have like you know, two, three,
four Claude subscriptions. I'm not one
of those people, but honestly after
Anthropic um making thing making the
rate limits more harsh recently, I I
might have to get a second subscription.
I feel bad saying that cuz it's like
Anthropic is being kind of frustrating
recently and then I'm just giving them
more money. But, it's like well, what
can you do? Like I I don't really want
to switch over to Codex because I test
Codex from time to time and I I just I
think Claude Code is better.
But, anyway,
so yeah,
yeah, these workflows are pretty token
efficient for how much they're actually
doing. Like keep in mind, it's not just
asking Claude Code to fix an issue. It's
going through deep investigation, deep
research, deep implementation, and deep
code review using the right model at the
right time. So, it's not super token
heavy.
All right.
Uh working on something similar. And
yeah, thank you for the $5 donation. I
appreciate it a lot. Uh would love to
discuss with you about how we could
potentially partner if there's something
you are open to.
Yeah, so Archon is an open source repo.
And for me, that means that partnerships
would be like I love to chat and see
what your ideas are. Uh but I I wouldn't
really want to like go and work on a
separate repo. But, if you're interested
in like contributing to Archon and
partnering in that way, um I am
considering creating sort of like a core
maintainer team for Archon. I think that
would be the way to partner cuz I
wouldn't want to like turn this into a
separate venture. I am Like I said with
like my core vision and and mission for
Archon and my career as a whole is to be
open source and share with the world.
And so, I I don't want this
to like create spin-offs that I'm
dedicating time to instead of working on
Archon as the core open source open to
collaborations. Maybe even I'm thinking
of like I said, making the maintainer
team. Always open to issues and pull
requests.
And
yeah, sometimes open source can get
overwhelming. So, also like I don't
always get to issues and pull requests
even within the same week cuz it it gets
a lot. Let me tell you guys from all the
open source work that I did, but also
it's more and more realistic to handle
everything over time as I have coding
agents help me
and a maintainer team. And then like I
said, like we kind of already have a
maintainer team with me, Rasmus, and
Thomas.
But, also like thinking of extending
that to just like
the general
you know, you guys in the YouTube
community and in the Dynamis community.
All right.
Cool.
Is it open source available on GitHub?
Oh, I assume that was a question to
someone else cuz yes, Archon is and and
Thomas knows that.
All right, is it possible to add Gemini?
So, the Gemini CLI, I don't think has an
SDK. Gemini CLI SDK.
So, that's the thing is is for any
coding agent that we integrate with
Archon, it does need to have an SDK.
Because I I work with the coding agents
programmatically in TypeScript instead
of using the headless mode for the CLI.
That's like another way that you can
automate the usage of um of coding
agents.
I've I've been checking on this a lot
though cuz this is another one of the
tools that I would obviously want to
integrate. A lot of people love using
Gemini, especially cuz Gemini 3 seems to
be like the best model for building
front ends. Like people always use
Antigravity with Gemini 3 to build
front-ends. And um so, I I would love to
add support for it, but they don't have
an SDK.
Um however, you could always use the Pi
SDK with Gemini.
So, we add support for that, then it
would work.
Um I guess I can't find an exact link,
but
Uh
Oh, wait. What is this?
This must not be Hold on. Google Gen AI
SDK. That's I think that's for general
agents, not Yeah, that's not for AI
coding. So, that's not that's not an SDK
for the Gemini CLI, unfortunately.
All right.
Uh to reach these limits, you have to
have the product first cuz you can't
code multiple things without having
verticals that do not conflict. That's
true. Yeah. Yeah, when you're first
getting started, it's like you can't
really do as much work in parallel. It's
more once you have the thing established
and you're just working through
different issues, like granny or sets of
work for improvements or bug fixes, then
that's definitely when you're going to
start hitting the limits, 100%.
All right.
Um let's see. I'm on the $200 max plan.
That is true. Will you hit limits much
faster on the lower plan? I think yes. I
mean, yeah. The answer 100% is yes. Cuz
the um $20 plan doesn't take you very
far, to be honest. And then the $100
plan, like you can you can do quite a
bit, but you still hit your rate limits
decently quickly.
I believe that the $200 month plan is
four times better rate limits than the
$100 month plan.
And then the $200 is 20 times better
than the $20 plan. There's a quite a big
difference there.
All right.
Let's see. How is this different than uh
B mad version 6?
So, okay. Here's the thing. B mad is a
harness.
Archon is a harness builder.
So, B mad is a an opinionated approach
to building software. It's a good
approach. I think it's kind of
over-engineered, to be honest, but it's
a it's a really inspirational approach.
And you can literally take ideas from B
mad and build it into your own Archon
workflows and then customize it more for
yourself. So, the big thing that I want
to be clear on here is that uh Archon is
not competing with GitHub spec kit or B
mad or Claude flow or GSD.
It's more like those tools are great,
but what if you want to build your own?
That's why it's a harness builder.
And so, um yeah. In a second here, I'll
show you what it looks like to literally
just like take inspiration from GSD and
like build it as an Archon workflow.
Archon is very powerful. Going to scrap
the GitLab AI reviewer I developed
yesterday and use Archon instead. Archon
offers much more room for expansion.
Very cool. Yeah, I appreciate it. Uh and
you know what you can do is not scrap
what you built, but uh point the Archon
repo to look at what you built for
inspiration to turn it into an Archon
workflow.
And and so, yet another thing that I
want to, you know, re-emphasize here is
you don't have to ditch what you already
have if you want to build Archon
workflows cuz you can bring in your
skills and commands. You can reference
other other frameworks or other tools
that you built to use as inspiration
either for the prompting or just like
the general process that you want to lay
out at an node-by-node basis. You're
always able to um
work with what you already have cuz I
don't I don't want to. That That's
another one of the problems with with
all the other harnesses that are out
there,
like they're cool, but they require you
to pretty much change how you work
fundamentally.
And that's just not going to fly,
especially if you're working on a team.
Like, if you're at an enterprise level
and you already have a process for your
software development life cycle, it's
really really hard for you as an
enterprise level, like as a team, to
adopt something like B mad cuz you have
to change how you work. But with Archon,
you don't change how you work because
you're building the layer on top of the
coding agent that actually enforces
that. So, you get to even um in a better
way take how you work and use coding
agents with that.
Um Yep, Rasmus, same here. Used it every
day since November. No bans using the
Claude Asian SDK with the Anthropic
subscription.
Oh, yeah. When are they going to be
Archon hoodies and merch?
I would be interested. Yeah.
Um
Yeah, I mean, merch for Dynamis and or
Archon would be pretty cool. I don't
know like how much of an interest
there'd really be for that,
but it could be cool. I mean, my man
Nate Herc is always rocking his um his
merch in his YouTube videos now. It
would be cool to have a a sweatshirt or
sweater that I something that I wear
when I'm recording.
Yeah.
All right.
Yeah, very cool. We'll meld Archon and
my QA bot. That's the way to do it.
Meld it with what you've already got,
100%.
All right.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; At Pika, I had 30-something Archon
workflows running in parallel across
four projects.
You know, with the Anthropic rate limits
now, you probably won't be able to do
that, but uh that's very cool.
We We've been spoiled at some points.
So, um within the like, you know, last
couple of weeks up until this week,
Archon or not Archon, Anthropic was
doing a special where it's like in off
hours, you had uh two times lower rate
limits. And trust me, I was taking
advantage of that, chugging through like
eight pull requests in parallel for like
the entire day straight multiple days.
Well, not the entire day straight, but
like during the off hours.
Uh so, yeah. It's It's a little
unfortunate, but
I am I am doing some experimentation
with uh like, other models that like,
you know, MiniMax.
It's just not as good as Opus, but you
still get quite a bit of power. So, if
you have the right harness, you can get
really good results
even with something like MiniMax M2.7.
So, I am experimenting with some things
that I'll get into the dark factory
we'll talk about in a bit. I am
experimenting with some things, though,
to be able to scale the number of
workflows I can run in parallel and not
have to worry about rate limits. It'll
get a little costly, but I mean, the
point of using these smaller models is
it won't get too costly.
All right. Yeah, that's right, Sean.
Spicy mango shirts. Man, spicy mango
hasn't come up in a while now. I'll I'll
need to fit that into more YouTube
videos, but it's like an ongoing joke
where
um I don't even remember where it
originated. It was like something with
GPT where like I was asking for recipes
in a YouTube video and it kept like
bringing up spicy mango even between
conversations where there's no long-term
memory.
So, it just kind of became a joke from
there.
All right.
Let's see.
All right. Um you know what? So, man,
there's so many good questions in the
chat still, but I do want to get to the
next part here where I will uh build a
workflow with you guys.
So, let's let's go back into our
repository.
I'm going to close out of this session
and start a new one.
All right.
&gt;&gt; [sighs and gasps]
&gt;&gt; So, uh here, hold on. Let me clear.
There we go.
All right. So, what I want to show you
guys now
is how to build a custom workflow in
Archon.
And there are a million different ways
or different kinds of workflows you can
build.
And like I said, you can take
inspiration from all these existing
ones, even pointing Archon to look at
these to, you know, understand best
practices and how we've been building
workflows already. But as as an example,
like I've teased already, I want to
build GSD
as an Archon workflow.
So, with GSD, it's a a lightweight and
powerful meta prompting context
engineering spec-driven development
system. With a little bit of word salad
there, but basically, it's a simplistic
approach to going from planning all the
way to getting your work done with
coding agents. It's It's It's nice.
And um he I actually really appreciate
the inspiration behind the project. So,
he says, "Other spectrum development
tools exist like B mad and spec kit, but
they all seem to make things way more
complicated than they need to be." Which
I agree with this. I actually already
said this in the live stream where these
tools are very inspirational, but just
like it's more than you really want in
your process and they're so opinionated.
You've got your sprint ceremonies and
story points and stakeholder syncs and
retrospectives and Jira workflows.
I'm not a 50-person software company. I
don't want to play enterprise theater.
And like, preach, man. Like, that's
good. [laughter]
So, I built GSD. The complexity is in
the system, not in your workflow.
So, the the system gives Claude
everything it needs to do the work and
verify it, right? Like, that's that's
the harness here is it's a system for
planning, implementing, and validating,
a lot of like what I've already been
talking about. I trust the workflow it
does It just does a good job. It just
gets it done.
And so, I want to take some of the these
ideas here. So, I'm not like, okay, I'm
not going to build this like
step-by-step in Archon. I'm not going to
build a replica, but I'm going to take
the general flow
of the different phases, like discussing
and planning and executing and some of
their strategies for splitting up work
into different stages and their
verification. I want to take inspiration
from this.
But I'm going to do it with Claude. So,
watch this. I'm going to copy this repo.
I'm going to paste it in
and I'm just going to say, "Load the
Archon skill. I want you to help me make
an Archon workflow
that takes very heavy inspiration from
GSD, the repo that I gave you the path
to here. So, I want you to analyze the
repo. I want you to dig deep into the
process here and how it goes through the
different phases, how it manages tasks
and does verification. And I want you to
analyze other workflows in Archon, some
of the defaults to get an idea for like
how those work and how we can translate
ideas from GSD into a new workflow that
we'll create. That'll basically go
through the same process having human
approval gates for different steps of
the way within planning and validation.
So, actually one more thing that I want
to add to the prompt here is I'll say I
want you to, after you do your research,
ask me questions. Make sure that we're
aligned on what this workflow does and
how we're going to take inspiration from
GSD.
And so, I mean, if you wanted to go so
far, you could pretty much replicate all
of GSD as an Archon workflow. That would
take a lot of work. I think that would
take too long to do in this live stream,
which is why I'm doing it more like in
like, you know, let's just take
inspiration from GSD versus replicate it
exactly, but we'll still get something
pretty similar here. I actually did
already test this before the live stream
and the results were were pretty good.
Now, it is going to take a while
to do the research initially or at least
a decent amount of time. So, I'll answer
some more questions while we let this
run.
Uh but I think this is a nice demo
because without getting too complex
here, just showing you at a high level
how it's like, no matter what you want
to build, just describe your process.
Have it look at existing workflows for
reference and of course, Archon skill
helps, and then just start building with
it.
In fact, one of the workflows that we
have is a workflow builder. It's very
meta, but whenever we want to build a
workflow, we can use this. It just kind
of provides some more structure, right?
It's a harness around building more
custom workflows. A harness around
building harnesses. If I had a dime for
every time I said harness in this live
stream, I would just go retire.
All right.
Let's see.
By the way, I built collab mem for agent
memory context engine, close to 100
stars already.
Hey, that's pretty cool.
Congratulations.
Yeah, long-term memory for AI coding is
it's very powerful, very needed.
Let's see. Um do you have the
possibility to temporarily run commands
from the web UI? Like running a dev
server from your work tree to check the
look and feel of your change from your
work tree.
Yeah, so we have played around with the
idea of having like a basic terminal
in the web UI
to do things like that, but we haven't
built that yet.
Um it's one of those things where it's
like, let's see if people really need
that before we build it. A lot of what
we've built in Archon up until this
point has been like
you know, just a you know, only like
three people really sharing their
opinions.
And well, [snorts] okay, obviously it's
not just three people cuz we've had this
in the Dynamis community for a while as
well. But for the most part, we haven't
had like hundreds of people using it yet
or thousands of people using it yet like
we are about to. We kind of already have
now this week. And so, [snorts] we'll
see how people really use it and I'm
thinking about getting like feedback
from the YouTube and Dynamis community
as a whole for what kind of features we
want. Things like this we might want to
build, but
I just want to be careful with feature
bloat. I want to make sure like there
are a lot of things that sound good on
paper,
but like maybe people don't actually end
up needing that. So, for the old version
of Archon that I was building over last
summer and like released in August, that
one we we made the mistake of building
in way too many things up front. Like
there was a ton of different
configuration parameters and stuff that
like sounded really good on paper, but
then like no one ever actually used it.
Like I'd constantly like showed things
like that on live streams or in Dynamis
workshops and people be like, "Wow, I
didn't even know that was a thing." Like
I well, I like saw it, but I just like
glazed over it because I didn't really
care about it. So, that that's the kind
of thing I want to look out for.
Uh but yeah, I definitely would be
interested in like adding more support
in the web UI for being able to like
actually manage everything yourself, not
just relying on Archon. Now, the other
thing is you could just ask Archon to
spin up the site in the work tree,
right? Like it it could take care of
that even by itself. You don't
necessarily need a place for like you to
run the commands yourself when you can
just ask the coding agent to do it.
But I I still think that that could
definitely be a good addition to the web
UI.
All right.
Let's see. How do you pause all or a
graceful pause?
Yeah, there's no way to do that right
now in Archon cuz the pause is reserved
for human-in-the-loop workflows. So, it
really is like you either abandon the
workflow.
Well, okay, actually there there kind of
is support for it. It's just not direct
cuz you can abandon a workflow
&gt;&gt; [snorts]
&gt;&gt; and then you can resume it later.
It's just if you click abandon, it's not
going to like show up in the web UI as
something you can resume, but there is a
CLI option to resume a workflow. So, you
could just if you have to like shut it
down for whatever reason, you could just
say like, "Hey, like I want you to
interrupt and stop these workflows." And
then later on, you could tell Claude
like, "Okay, resume these workflows."
And if it's in the same session, it'll
it'll remember the workflow IDs that are
stored in the you know, the SQLite
database or Postgres database under the
hood, so that it can it can just pick up
where it left off.
So, it'll basically just like retry the
node that it that was interrupted and
then continue the workflow from there.
So, yeah, just kind of thing where you
just ask the agent to do it and it knows
how to how to do that.
All right, cool. So, we got we're only
at 50% and it resets to 55 minutes. So,
our limit is good here and it's going
through. So, you can see that it
finished all of the GitHub fix issue
workflows. Now, it's just doing the
validation here. So, if I go back to
Archon,
um man, I have so many sessions open.
Uh which one was it? Yeah, this one
here.
So, let's see.
So, it's checking in on all of the
workflows over time.
Um done done done.
There we go. So, yeah, you can see that
all of the fix workflows were done. We
have the pull requests created and then
it launches the validate PR in parallel.
So, sorry, I know I'm jumping around a
little bit here, but I just wanted to
show you the other thing that we've had
running this entire time. We created the
pull requests, those four in parallel,
and now we're doing the the reviews all
in parallel as well. And that's what
we're seeing in the the web UI here as
well.
And then we have the interactive PRD
that I'm just going to kind of abandon
cuz I don't want to spend time on that
right now.
All right.
Oh yeah, thank you very much. Yeah,
congrats on the 200,000 subs.
I appreciate it. Yeah, so that happened
literally just yesterday. I I reached
200,000 subscribers. So, yeah, pretty
big milestone. I don't get a plaque for
that like the 100,000 unfortunately, but
still feels really good to get to that
point. So, yeah, thank you.
All right.
Cool. So, all right, let's see what we
got here. So, we got the core summary of
GSD. It implements a spec-driven
pipeline with these phases: questioning,
parallel research, requirements,
roadmap, uh per phase loop, and then um
we get our complete milestone.
So, that's like the end result of going
through the whole spec-driven flow.
Lists out some key patterns here like
the plan checker as a gatekeeper before
execution, goal backward verification,
which um yeah.
I mean, that this is the thing with all
these frameworks is there's so much like
word soup, word salad. Like what does
that even mean? And obviously it's not
that hard to like get into the readme
and stuff, but I don't even remember
exactly what all these things mean and
I've used GSD before.
Uh okay. So, here's what Archon supports
for us.
&gt;&gt; [cough]
&gt;&gt; The closest existing workflow is the
Archon piv loop.
Which yeah, that's like literally the
workflow that I described here in the
diagram. So, this is the closest to GSD
because it has the same stages of
planning and then implementing and then
validating.
&gt;&gt; [snorts]
&gt;&gt; Okay, so now it asks us some questions
here.
Uh wow, it asked us seven questions.
Okay, let me try to get through these
really quick. So, is this a full project
or a single feature?
GSD covers an entire project life cycle.
Archon workflows typically target a
single feature issue.
Um
Wait a second. I'm actually kind of
confused by the question.
Oh, I see. So, it's like do we want to
have it build an entire PRD for like an
entire project or is it more like a
workflow that takes a PRD or feature
description and runs GSD style plan
execute. Yeah, actually let's do that.
Yeah, so for question number one, let's
do something in between. So, workflow
that takes a PRD
or feature description and runs GSD
style plan execute verify. That makes
more sense.
Um
for the planning rigor,
yes, I want the full planning rigor of
GSD.
Uh I do want all layers of verification
like GSD.
Where should human humans have approval?
Let's just do the same as GSD. Actually,
a lot of these questions aren't that
good cuz it's just saying like, "Hey,
what part of GSD you want?" I really do
want all parts of GSD for the sake of
the demo here.
And yep, so we'll do parallel research,
100%.
Uh where does the progress live?
Yes, I want to create similar structured
state files as GSD in the artifacts
directory.
That makes sense.
Uh naming and positioning. How do you
want to position this relative to
existing workflows? Something like
Archon GSD or Archon rigorous dev. Uh
yeah, let's just call it Archon {dash}
GSD.
All right. Okay, honestly, I wasn't that
impressed with the questions it asked me
there cuz mostly it was like, "Do you
really want all these parts of GSD?"
Which maybe that kind of speaks to how
GSD is a little over-engineered. Like
they they claim to be the simple version
of things like B-map. I still think it
has a little much. Um but also like
people get good results with it. Like
trust me, it's popular for a reason. So
I I do want to build an Archon workflow
here that that uh really takes
inspiration from every part of GSD.
So, all right. We'll let it continue to
rip here. So, it's reading through uh
some example workflows here, reading
through the rule my rules for workflows
and how to build them,
gathering context to then create the
YAML for me here.
Um open code integration. Yeah, so open
code is one of the the uh coding agents
we are we are considering adding. That
and Pi agents. Yep.
We'd love to add more.
All right.
Let's see. Um Archon doesn't work
on Windows cuz it can't find the Claude
code executable at runtime.
Looks like it's a
uh known cross-platform issue between
Linux, Mac, and Windows builds.
Uh so, I'm running on Windows myself.
I've never had that problem before.
Um so, I'm not sure why that would be
the case. If you installed through the
binary, there might be a bug in the
binary. I would try doing the
installation method that's higher up in
the readme where you clone the repo.
And then you go into Claude and you just
ask it to help you set up Archon. I
would try that instead. That's the only
thing I could think of. Otherwise, I'm
not sure why it would say it can't find
the Claude code executable because when
you're running Archon, it's just using
Claude under the hood.
And it it's just using it in the same
way that you if you ran Claude from the
terminal. So, it shouldn't be different.
Uh what inspired me to build Archon?
Aha, good question. So,
yeah, I kind of talked about things
related to this in the stream already,
but
uh really it's like I see the direction
that we're heading with AI coding.
So, this is what I talked about the very
very start of the stream. So, may maybe
you weren't there at the start of the
stream, which I mean probably a lot of
you guys watching right now weren't,
which is all good. Um but like AI
started with prompt engineering,
generative AI. Like that was the big
deal. Like how can we get the single
best output from a model? And then that
evolved into context engineering,
especially for AI coding. It's like
creating a whole ecosystem of context
for our agent to handle longer-running
tasks. And that's like the big thing in
2025.
And now this year, it's like how do we
create a system that combines coding
agent sessions together to do longer
work? And how do we like really build
our coding process as an agentic coding
workflow? So, the harness is the layer
that wraps the coding agent to combine
sessions together and add in more
control for us.
That's how we really get reliable
results with coding agents.
And so, I've been really really doing a
lot of research and deep dives into
harness engineering over the past few
months. But the problem is we have all
of these closed-source harnesses. Like
Stripe shared Stripe Minions and Shopify
is Shopify Roast and AD AWS is building
their internal harnesses and and we have
things like Ralph Loops, which are open
source, but also like not very intricate
or like
I mean, the main problem is there's
nothing out there that's like custom to
you. So, I wanted to build a tool that
allows you to build your own harness.
So, no matter what your process looks
like for AI coding, you can create it as
a full workflow in Archon.
And then also run it at scale because we
support the parallel execution like I've
been demoing in the live stream here.
So, that's the inspiration. It's like I
see where AI coding is heading and
there's nothing like Archon right now.
Like literally the only examples we have
of anything like Archon is is a single
harness. So, it's not custom to use.
It's very opinionated. Most of them are
closed source. And now this is the layer
that built where you can build any of
them
or build your own.
Yeah.
All right. Uh thank you very much for
your donation. I appreciate it a lot.
All right.
Cool. So,
let's see. What else we got here?
Um
I do like cancel over abandon as well.
More severe and implies the token use
loss. Right, yeah. I mean, you can
resume it, but then you're restarting
the last node that interrupted which is
yeah, I guess kind of what you're
getting at.
All right. Uh so, anyway,
true story, this is the missing link.
Glad you think so. Yeah, I mean, I I
really do. Like
this all signal points to this this is
the most important thing this year for
AI coding, building software in general.
And there's just not enough people
paying attention to it.
&gt;&gt; [snorts]
&gt;&gt; Like okay, as much as I appreciate how
much people are focusing on the new
features in Claude code, like it seems
like most people making AI content right
now are just like covering the new
things in Claude code like over and over
and over again.
And like yeah, Anthropic is doing some
very incredible things. Like it is
important to cover that. But also it's
like like look look past that. Like
what's what what are like the real ways
to actually get good results with AI
coding assistants? It's not just being
hyper-focused on the individual features
from Anthropic releasing the Claude
code. It's it's focusing on how you
build systems around AI coding. Like
that's what I feel feel like people
aren't paying enough attention to and
what I'm really trying to focus on
myself.
All right.
Cool. So, let me open up. Let's see
where we're at right now. Okay, actually
I I just saw it finish. Good. So,
perfect timing here.
All right.
So, yeah, one moment. I'm I'm just
looking at something on my other monitor
here.
Okay.
All right. So, it built the full
workflow.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Um let actually let me take a look at
what it did here.
Okay, so it built out the YAML.
It registered it as one of my default
workflows. So, I I could actually like
ship this to Archon today. I might
actually do that, but I'll probably have
to do a lot of validation of this before
I actually push this live. But it could
be a cool workflow for you guys to use.
All right.
Um and then so, it ran the validate
command to make sure that all the
parameters are good. So, we have some
things built into the CLI to validate
workflows as well. I haven't tested it
end-to-end yet, but we can definitely do
that as well.
And so, okay, here's our pipeline. So,
we spin up four agents to research in
parallel. We synthesize everything into
a summary and then we extract
requirements with acceptance criteria.
And then we have an interactive loop to
lock in the context. We create the plan.
This is pretty comprehensive. GSD does a
lot. Like it does more than you'd think
when they claim to be something simple.
But this is cool. It's really cool that
we built this as a full Archon workflow.
And then we verify the plan. We have the
human review and then we execute.
And then we do our verification, code
review, and human acceptance at the end.
Man, that is that is a lot.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; But there we go. That's what we just
built. So, let's actually take a look at
this here.
So, if I go in, we have the new
workflow.
And it's pretty long. I mean, it's it's
over 1,200 lines long, but that's just
because all the prompts are in line. So,
if I were to like really make this
concise, what I would do is I would take
all these really long inline prompts and
I would make them as commands like we
saw in the GitHub issue fix workflow.
Like this step is so much nicer looking
because the whole prompt is just a
command. So, it references the external
markdown document. But anyway, we can
address that. It's kind of nice to see
it all in one place at first anyway.
Which is why I have it built like that.
Um so, okay. So, for research, we're we
decided to use Sonnet. Maybe we'd want
to change that to Haiku. Totally up to
you. Obviously doing that in a fresh
session. So, you are one of four
parallel research agents. Your focus is
on technology stack dependencies and
development environment. And then we
have researching the features. We're
doing that in parallel as well.
Um
cool.
And then yeah, so we just have a bunch
of research agents here. So, four
research agents running in parallel.
And then we have the uh research
synthesis. So, it depends on all these
being done, right? So, these four can
run in parallel, but now this one has to
run after.
So, it depends on these four being done.
And then we do our synthesis. So, these
agents like uh have explored in
parallel. Now we need to bring
everything together into a single
document. And then we send that into the
requirements gathering.
So, I mean, most of what we're doing
copying in GSD is just their prompting,
right?
And then like the different nodes for
the different stages. So,
what do we have here? Okay, yeah. So,
here's where we have the human approval
gate.
So, we send the message to the user.
Here's what you have to approve. Like
here's the document that we just
produced with the whole plan of attack
split out into phases or whatever it
does here. Uh so, yeah. I don't I don't
really want to like go into the details
of every single node here. It's not
really the point. But what we can do is
we can also view the workflow in the web
UI. So, if I go to workflows here, I
scroll down.
Uh well, actually hold on. I might need
to restart the back end. No, it's right
here. Yeah, so if I click edit,
um take a look at this. Look at that.
That's pretty cool. So, we can also see
the workflow in the UI. So, we can see
that we have these four running in
parallel. So, that that's set up that
correctly. And then we do the research
synthesis, requirements, blah blah blah.
I mean, this is a lot. I I probably
won't be able to run this whole thing
with you guys right now.
Um but I could I could get started. I
think I have Yeah, I should be good on
my limits here.
So, let's let's try this right now.
Um, trying to think what a good example
would be to run this. We're We're not
going to be able to see this run to
completion cuz this is going to take way
too long.
Um, but at least just showing you guys
the start of it because then that's like
the full life cycle of like we had an
idea for a workflow. We had Arkon
research how to build it. We built it
and then we run it. And like it's that
easy to build anything.
And so, maybe what I'll do is I'll run
GSD to handle a GitHub issue. I guess we
could do that. Um, or no, you know,
here's what we'll do. We'll have it
We'll have it create uh the Pi agent.
Like Okay.
I want you to
uh run the GSD workflow here to build
support for the Pi agent SDK into Arkon
as the third coding agent.
And then uh let me make sure I I I knew
I would say that wrong. Pi agent SDK.
I could do open code. I could handle an
issue. I could I I could do whatever,
right? This GSD workflow is very
general. It's going to walk us through
this very comprehensive process to build
anything.
There we go. So, we'll have it kick off
the CLI here. So, we can monitor it in
the web UI. We could even kick this off
from the web UI as well. And I know I
haven't really showed that in this live
stream here, but we can run our
workflows directly from the web UI as
well. Like for example, check this out.
I can go into the chat here
and I can say um use the Arkon assist
workflow to summarize the read me for
Arkon. So, I just want to do kind of
like a a faster example here. But
anything that we're doing from the CLI
where we're asking Claude code to invoke
the CLI, we can just do it right from
the web UI. So, if you want to like have
this deployed to a VPS running remotely,
you can definitely do that. So, you can
see that it dispatches the workflow. It
picks that So, it routes to the right
repository out of our registered
projects cuz it has knowledge of all of
that injected into its context. And then
we can also view the logs for the
workflow in real time as well. This is
just a simple single node workflow,
obviously.
But yeah, we'll get the results here and
then we can see that uh populate in the
chat as well. So, this is like the the
main chat here is like your
orchestrator, right? And then you can
click into the logs for any individual
workflow. Uh well, I don't know why that
had that blip there, but yeah, anyway.
So, you can click in and view the logs
for individual workflows.
Um, and then here, look. Let me click
in. So, we have our um GSD workflow
running as well.
So, we can view the logs for this.
We can see that it is currently in the
middle of We can see the the like
loading indicator for all of the initial
research. So, all of these four are
running in parallel right now. And we
can see the logs coming in in real time
right here as it's going through all the
tool calls. So, basically all the tool
calls from these nodes running in
parallel are just being pushed here if
we want to see what they're doing.
Pretty cool.
Uh but yeah, this will definitely take a
while to go through this process. But I
I am actually keen on going through this
full GSD workflow. I'm going to end with
a pull request for the Pi agent SDK and
then I'll I'll circle back with Rasmus
and see what he thinks if this is
actually a good implementation cuz he's
working on this as well.
Um, but yeah, I I I might actually push
this GSD workflow as one of the default
bundled ones.
Because I think it's just such a good
example of how we can take a harness
that's already out there and build it
into Arkon. Not that there's necessarily
a huge reason to use Arkon over just
running GSD directly, but more just to
show how like Arkon goes above any
existing harness because it allows you
to build any of them. That's the power
of it.
All right.
Um, okay, what if this could also be
task-centric? Pick the right workflow
and the workflow combinations according
to the task. I mean, you can basically
already do that. Because you can have
Arkon load the Arkon skill, look at all
the workflows that it has access to, and
then you can describe a larger scope of
work and have it figure out the
workflows to run.
Or maybe it's just like a single
workflow cuz you can wrap up your entire
process. But
I like where your head's at with that
because I mean, yeah, certainly. And
then this kind of gets into um
integrating Arkon with your second
brain. Your second brain it learns how
you work over time, right? So, it kind
of knows like based on Cole how Cole
likes to work, I think like these Arkon
workflows are what we should invoke to
like handle this thing he wants to
build. So, that's definitely like a
different discussion for another day.
But I I could do a whole live stream or
a whole Dynamis workshop on that.
All right. Very cool. So, yeah, while we
wait for this to run here uh to for it
to get to the next step, I'm going to
chat about Dynamis with you guys really
quick here as well. Oh, look Looks like
two of the workflows ran or the nodes
are done. So, it's just two more we're
waiting on here.
But yeah, um
Arkon, lot more workshops coming in in
the Dynamis community soon here.
And then also, we got Okay. Man, this
4-hour workshop that I did last week in
Dynamis went so incredibly well. Like
there there are dozens of people in the
community that are building their second
brains right now and like sharing what
they're doing and like how they're
adapting things to be more specific to
them. Like there's so much energy in the
community right now for people building
their own second brains and like going
off of like the template that I gave in
the workshop. It's so cool to see. So,
if if you want to be a part of that,
like here, I'm going to I'm going to put
a link to to this in the chat here.
There's a a special that I'm running for
just this live stream.
So, if you go to the link here, we got a
special 10% off the uh the usual price
for the community. And the special is
going to end once the live stream is
done. So, this is your chance to join
the community and get in on everything
that I'm doing. More workshops for Arkon
coming and uh also the whole like third
course that I'm adding to Dynamis for
the second based on the second brain
boot camp. And then I got the AI agent
mastery and agentic coding courses as
well.
Um, so yeah, all of everything that I'm
doing with Arkon, I've used all of my
strategies that I cover in the agentic
coding course in order to build Arkon.
So, I definitely
um I don't just like, you know, say do
as I
say not as I do, right? Like I I
actually like use all the approaches
every single day that I cover in the
courses and the workshops I do in the
community. So, I'd love to see you join
the community.
And uh uh yeah, again, for everyone
who's in the community in the stream
already, always appreciate your guys'
support in being here.
So, all right. Let's see where we're at
now.
Um
Okay, so it's still running actually.
Let's see.
Thought the research would be done by
now.
Uh oh, no. Okay, it's it's almost
getting there.
So, well, no. Oh, the research is done,
but it has to create the plan before it
gets our approval. So, we haven't
reached the next approval step yet,
which is why the workflow is um still
running in the background. But once it's
done and it gets to the first human
approval gate, then the workflow will
pause and we'll get some output here,
questions for us or whatever. Like it'll
give us the plan to review if we want.
All right.
Cool.
Um, why define a model in the workflow?
What if we want AI to judge the model on
the fly based on complexity?
That's a That's a very fair question.
So, the main reason is
how do you tell
like
the the the main AI agent that invokes
the workflow,
it doesn't really have a good idea of
how powerful the models are. And it's a
really tricky problem to solve. Like how
do I describe what Haiku is capable of
or what Sonnet is capable of?
Like you'd have to be very confident in
your prompting in order to like really
like give that control to the agent,
which is why we haven't really built
that at this point.
Now, if if you do want to like really
take your time to build out some kind of
framework for the agent to figure out
like how powerful each model is or like
you tell it how powerful each model is
so it can figure out what nodes need
what models, you definitely could leave
it up to the agent. And And um that's
definitely something we thought about
adding support for is making it so that
instead of it being hardcoded for each
node, it's like the agent reads the
workflow, picks the model for each step,
and then sends it off based on the
specific task. Cuz maybe the research
for one specific implementation is
actually going to be very complicated.
So, we would want to use Opus for the
research and then maybe we only need
Sonnet for the verification cuz we think
the research is going to be good enough.
I don't know. I'm just kind of throwing
a random example out there, but
definitely like that could be a really
good addition to Arkon.
All right.
Super cool that I can use my
subscription with this tool we'll be
driving in today.
Yeah, sounds great. And yeah, it it's
fantastic. If If I couldn't use my
Anthropic subscription with Arkon, I
would be using Codex instead with Arkon,
100%.
Yep.
&gt;&gt; [snorts]
&gt;&gt; Okay, so anyway, the workflow completed
its first three phases and it's now
paused at the requirements approval
gate. Very good. So, here's what it
finished.
And
um
now it's saying,
do the requirements look good?
So, obviously I need to know where the
requirements are.
That might be something that I need to
address. So, the workflow didn't like
clearly state where the requirements
are. So, I got I have to ask it. I mean,
that's probably something I should
improve in the workflow. So, keep in
mind that like just like your code
bases, when you use Arkon to build a
workflow, it probably isn't going to be
perfect first time around. You're going
to have to iterate on the prompting and
the nodes. So, like right here, it's
kind of annoying that I have to ask like
you know, where Where's the requirements
document? Like give me the exact path so
that I can actually read through this.
Um, cuz right now it just kind of left
me in the dark. So, I mean it's not a
huge deal that I just ask for the path,
but it's a little annoying.
So, let's get that. Then we'll actually
take a look quick.
Okay, so this here is the path to it.
Okay.
So, I'll open this up in my IDE, and
we'll go to the summary.
I think Yeah, so I'm I'm building this
so quickly live that like I don't have
my head wrapped around the whole
workflow right now, but I think the
summary is is the synthesis from all So,
these are like the research documents
from each of the agents in parallel. And
then this is the the synthesis that I'm
going to have to review myself.
So, we're adding the Pi Agent SDK as a
third AI coding agent into Archon
along with the existing Claude and
Codex.
Uh, key findings, what already exists.
So, okay, this is good. This is what I
talked about a little bit earlier in the
stream. It is going to be so easy to
build more coding agents into Archon
because it just has to reference how
we've built things already for Claude
and Codex. It's definitely going to one
shot this. So, make sure we research Pi
Agent first. We'll create the Pi
Assistant defaults. So, just again,
based off the patterns that we already
have for Claude and Codex.
We'll implement We'll follow the
Claude.ts structure as lay lazy logger,
async generator to send the query into
Pi. You guys probably don't care about
the details here. I'm actually pretty
interested in this. It It really
understands what to do here.
Um, defining uh, hooks and MCP and
skills. Love that. Uh,
laying out the critical risks as well.
Like things that we have to make sure we
validate and be extra careful with or do
more research for.
And then it has open questions for us as
well.
And, um, so maybe what I'll do right
here is I will answer the open questions
and then send it off like approve the
the workflow to continue with the rest
here. So,
Okay.
All right, there are some open questions
in the summary. I'm going to answer this
quickly, and then I want you to approve
the workflow to continue.
So, for the Pi Agent SDK package name,
uh, well, you know, actually I don't
know that. So, I need you to search the
web
um, for that.
Um,
Oh, actually none of these questions are
for me. These are all things that it has
to research. So, I need I need you to
research each of the
uh, answers to the open questions in the
summary and then send that in as context
to approve the workflow.
Okay, so little bit of a pivot there. I
thought it was like questions to align
with me, but it was more just like, uh,
you know, mechanically how does the Pi
Agent SDK work? So, we'll have it figure
these things out. I thought that it
would find those things in its own
research, but I guess it's just like
these are the gaps in the research that
aren't covered by the other agents.
So, yeah, okay. So, it'll research these
and then fill it in and then continue
the workflow. So, it's pretty cool. We
have a combination here of like we
continue to work with Claude ourself,
and then we like pass context into the
workflow when we want to continue it.
And like that's the flexibility that I
love with Archon is we aren't like once
we send off the workflow, as long as we
have human approval gates, we don't have
to just like let it go blindly and then
end with that like final result. Like we
get to work with it along the way and
even talk to our main agent orchestrator
to help us like guide the workflow. If
we really want to make the process
reliable in how we usually work.
So, it takes a bit more time to do that,
but in the end it's going to save you
time when we have a process that's so
elaborate like this with a human
approval gates and everything.
All right.
Cool.
Um, okay. So, one thing I got to be
honest with you guys on
is uh, the stream is going on so long
that I I don't think Oops, I didn't mean
to do that. Uh, I don't think I'll be
able to do the dark factory stuff today.
But, I might do You know, I probably
will do a separate live stream uh, next
week for the dark factory stuff. This is
going to get very involved. So, I did a
lot of prep for this. I'm like really
excited for this, but it would take me
at least another hour and a half to
[laughter] like go through the whole
setup here with you guys.
Um, and I've just had such a blast like
helping you guys understand the value
propositions of Archon and how to use it
and how to build workflows and going
through all your questions. I really
appreciate all of your guys's questions
today.
And so, I I'd much rather like focus on
um, that and have more of an
introduction to Archon live stream
versus like trying to force in this
really fancy dark factory thing that's
going to be quite involved.
Um, okay. So, cool. Now we got the
research sending in the workflow. We'll
let that run in the background. So, I
hope that sounds good to you guys cuz I
I might also make a YouTube video on the
dark factory stuff as well. I think
that'd be super interesting.
Um, just to like
maybe even kind of do like a build in
public series where I show like how I'm
setting up the Archon workflows to
manage different parts of the dark
factory, how I have the code base kind
of like self-evolved AI managing
literally all of the code review and
code writing. I think that could be
cool. So, I'm curious what you guys
think as well.
If you like the idea of that.
Um, yeah. A lot of a lot of ideas I have
swimming around in my mind right now for
content for the next week. A lot of
exciting things with Archon and second
brain content and just general
strategies for AI coding.
Okay. Wow, the workflow is already done.
Is there another human approval gate?
Let me see what I'll curious what
happened here.
Oh, it's now in the discussion phase.
It's re-asking the open questions
because the research answers didn't
fully propagate to discussion node.
Okay, there might have been a problem in
the workflow. So, again, there's always
option or opportunities to improve your
workflow when you run it for the first
time.
Okay.
Let's check what our usage is at right
now.
Okay, we're at
uh, 60%.
Not bad.
We've been doing [snorts] a lot with
with Archon workflows this live stream,
and we've only used We've used about 43%
of our 5-hour limit in this live stream,
but there's a lot of work. We We handled
five or four GitHub issues, validated
them entirely.
We're running a GSD workflow, and
there's a ton of other stuff that I've
been prompting with Claude to like
create workflows and stuff as well.
Like it's pretty token efficient.
So, when you create your own workflows,
just be careful that you're not using
Opus for literally everything. If you're
using Claude code or you or make sure
you're not using like the high reasoning
GPT-5.4 Codex if you're using Codex
uh, for everything. So, but as long as
you're for the front the nodes that
don't require as much reasoning, you're
not using like the best model for
everything. The workflows can be very
comprehensive, but really token
efficient at the same time.
Okay, so there we go. We're continuing
now in the workflow.
All right, so I I think what I'm going
to do here is I'm going to answer a
couple more questions.
And then I will um,
end the stream.
I think we'll call it there. But yeah, I
definitely want to answer some more
questions for you guys. We'll see how
far we can get in this workflow here.
One thing I just realized though
&gt;&gt; [clears throat]
&gt;&gt; is I think my
my YouTube chat might be frozen. I might
need to refresh.
Yeah, hold on.
Let me Let me do something quick.
Sorry guys, I got to pop out the chat
again.
Pop out chat. So, my my streaming
software is being like finicky right now
for some reason. I'm not seeing the
chats come in on my other platform.
Uh, oh, I just lost them all. Shoot.
That's unfortunate. Well, I can answer
some questions, but I won't be able to
show it on my screen.
Um, let's see if I can blitz through a
couple here.
Let's see.
Yeah, oh yeah, so someone mentioned
Anthropic's advisor mode. Yeah, so I I
am interested in building that into
Archon. So, the advisor mode is
basically uh, you can use less powerful
Anthropic models to do like the grunt
work, the implementation, and then you
have it like call into a larger model
like Opus or maybe Mythos if that's
really going to become a thing for us.
And then it like kind of like
just asks it for guidance, and then it
continues to do the implementation or
planning or whatever. It's pretty cool.
All right.
And yes, Joe, you can use and you can
use Archon through your Anthropic
subscription. Yeah, 100%.
All right.
Um, can we let the user decide which
models he wants to allocate to his task?
Um, or is it kind of hardcoded at the
node workflow level? So, you can have
your coding agent edit the workflow
live, otherwise it is hardcoded. It's
not It is something we are interested in
adding though, support for like defining
the models up front or like live during
the live execution.
Yeah.
All right.
Um, let's see. What about rag and
storing previous questions on SDKs and
such? I wouldn't want every workflow
that works with Python to search the
SDK.
So, well, the thing about Archon is you
can build in your own memory system.
Like if you have a way using Git logs or
Claude mem or or rag, like whatever you
have for memories for your agent, you
can build that into Archon workflows cuz
you can give it the skill or the MCP or
or just like the prompting for it to use
whatever.
Um, so that the flexibility of Archon is
like you don't have to abandon any
approach or wait for us to support it
directly. Like if you want to use
linear, you You just attach in the MCP
skill like if you want to use the Claude
Mem framework or beads or whatever like
you can build that directly into
the Archon workflow.
All right. Remind us what is the dark
factory? Okay, yeah. Um
I'll I'll bring I'll talk about that for
a sec here.
So okay, the dark factory
it's the concept of having a code base
that is entirely managed by coding
agents. The coding agents handle the
coding, the reviewing, the the pull
requests, and the releases.
And so the only thing that a human gives
is the issues for bugs or new features
that we're requesting.
But there's no human approval allowed.
All code just goes straight to the main
branch once coding agents finish it. And
for a public experiment, I'm actually
really excited for this.
For a public experiment
I want to have a repository that is a
dark factory and it's managed entirely
by Archon workflows. I think it's going
to be so cool and it's going to show the
power of Archon cuz we're going to have
workflows to triage issues like figure
out which ones we actually want to
address and then like do the
implementation, do the review, manage
the releases, deploy things to
production. It's going to be so cool. So
I was going to like maybe get started
with that in a live stream today but
there's no way like
I got a
I got to do that in a separate live
stream or maybe even make a YouTube
series on it. So that's what's up with
the dark factory.
It's kind of a silly name but it's also
kind of a really cool name.
So that's what I'm calling it. A lot of
people have been like thinking about
this kind of thing. There's a AI use
case out there or like a anecdote out
there from StrongDM. If you guys have
heard of StrongDM
they basically built an internal dark
factory.
StrongDM dark factory.
So they're they're a company that
So a StrongDM AI lab with a simple
premise. How best to maximize building
software with AI?
So they've created a and this is like
more internal so it's not like open
source like what I'm going to do but
they built a system where like they are
pushing thousands and thousands of lines
to production like like humans never
review.
Not that I recommend that as the way to
go to get the most reliable production
software but the point is like it's an
experiment and I'm really excited to try
that out.
So that's the plan.
All right.
Um can we use local AI?
Yeah, so you can you can have Claude
code integrate with Ollama directly to
use local AI within
Archon. 100% I would just look into like
the
Ollama
or Claude code.
They have a direct integration if you
want to look into how to do that.
Yeah.
What does a dark factory do on a sunny
day?
Well, you just have no windows.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; That's what you do.
Um what is the domain idea or function
for my dark factory project?
Yes, so this is going to be another big
thing.
Where is my repo? I have so many things
open right now. This is another big
project that I'm going to work on and
the dark factory is going to be this is
going to be the use case for the dark
factory. I want to create an application
that allows you to
basically chat with my YouTube content.
So you can ask questions and it's
basically like you're talking to me
directly because it performs rag over
all my YouTube content.
And then for those of you in the Dynamis
community, I also wanted to ingest all
of my course and workshop content in the
community. So it's basically like your
own personal AI coach that has access to
all my information and maybe even going
so far as to like ingest
you know like community posts and things
like that as well.
I think this is going to be such a cool
example for the dark factory cuz it's a
relatively
complex application like with the whole
rag pipeline and the searching and the
web UI and everything but also it's
going to be very easily testable because
we can just like test conversations with
like the agent browser CLI. So you can
have like browser automation for
the dark factory to run like every time
it does validation on the code base or
like for a specific issue.
Um so that this is this is what I'm
planning on having as the use case for
the dark factory and then it'll also be
like a huge value add to the Dynamis
community cuz then it'll give you like a
chat platform to talk and ask any
questions about any of the courses or
workshops or even like point you to the
videos in the courses or the workshops
to watch for things that you want to
learn.
So yeah, I'm really really excited for
this. I wish I had time to cover it in
the live stream today but yeah, I'm
definitely I'm definitely going to have
to cover this later. But I'll be using
Archon workflows to like guide the
entire process of managing issues and
pull requests and reviews and things
like that.
So it's going to be pretty exciting.
And yeah, there there is there's so much
content in the Dynamis community that
like it's it's hard to like really
navigate through it all. I mean I make
it easy obviously to like look through
past workshops and I'm always like
letting you know like the things that
I'm working on and the courses and stuff
but like there's a lot of stuff there.
So I think this is going to be a really
big value add. So just yet another one
of those things coming to the Dynamis
community. So you know as I end the live
stream I just want to give a link to
this one more time cuz there is the
special discount for Dynamis that's
going away when the live stream ends.
And so if you're interested in really
being on the forefront of Archon and AI
coding, if you want to be a part of the
weekly workshops that I do and the new
4-hour second brain and boot camp that I
just did last week then come join and be
a part of the Dynamis community. I would
love to have you.
So yeah, I know there there's a a lot of
really really good questions that I
didn't get to in the chat. It's always
unfortunate. I love doing these live
streams and I love all you guys'
questions. It's just hard cuz there's
like so much.
Um but yeah, if you ever have any
questions like feel free to you know
comment on my YouTube videos as I do
more on second brain and and Archon
content or you know always available in
the community to answer your questions
there.
Um so yeah, I'm going to go ahead and
call the live stream here.
But stay tuned for more content on
Archon and the dark factory stuff as I
start doing that. It's going to be a
really really fun experiment. And yeah,
thank you everyone for for being here.
This is a really fun live stream. I just
I'm so passionate about Archon right
now. So it's really cool that I just
demonstrate everything to you guys,
answer your questions, and build
workflows live. I might even push that
GSD one to the repo if it works well.
Probably to you know iterate on that
though but yeah, anyway, thank you
everyone for being here. I hope that you
guys have a fantastic weekend and I will
see you all on the channel and in the
Dynamis community.
Take care everyone.