 
Grokbot is so powerful and so simple
that using it is such a delight because
anything you throw at it, it just does.
The more you use it, the more I'm blown
away by what it can do. So, in this
video, I'm going to show you five of the
wildest ways I've been using Grokbot
plus how you can set up your own team of
bots. A quick heads-up before we get
started. This video is sponsored by
SpaceX AI, the company behind Grokbot,
but this video is not a review. It's a
deep dive into the bots that I use and
how I set them up. So, if that's cool
with you, let's get into it. To get
started, come over to x.ai/bot
to download Grokbot for your desktop.
When I first covered Grokbot on my
channel, a lot of comments said the same
thing. It looks great, but at $200 a
month, it is way too expensive. Well,
the team behind Grokbot listened because
now it starts at just $20 a month. And
if you're already on an eligible Cursor,
Super Grok, or Teams plan, Grokbot is
included. After downloading the app for
the first time, you'll want to set up
your bots. You'll see all of mine over
here on the left. We'll get to some of
those in a moment, but first, let me
show you how to create your first bot.
To do that, click on the top here where
there's this plus icon, and then select
new bot.
That will open up a new thread, and you
can select at the top where it says
create new bot. The first bot I suggest
you set up is your chief of staff or
delegator bot. This is the bot that is
going to be your main point of contact
and will then delegate tasks to the
other bots. What's cool about creating
bots in Grokbot is that you set them up
just by having a conversation, and you
can see that already happening right
here. The bot said, "Hi to me." and
said, "What do you actually want to use
me for?" and it gives me a few choices
or I can type in my own. I suggest you
tell this first bot something like this.
I want you to be my main point of
contact. I'll send you tasks and then
have you delegate them to the other
bots. Next, you have to pick a name for
your bot, And this is where I've had a
lot of fun with my bots. You can see
I've given each of them a unique name
that represents what role they fill in
my business and in my personal life. So,
my chief of staff or delegator bot, I've
named Chief. So, you can steal that if
you want, name it Chief, Chief of Staff,
Delegator Debbie, something like that.
For this example, I'm going to call this
one Captain. If you have a favorite
television show, book, or movie, you can
name all your bots after characters in
that. What you can also do is give each
of your bots a unique image. So, the
default images look like this. They're
these blobs of color. And if you click
on the name of your bot on the top,
you'll see over here on the right your
settings. So, you can come in here and
change the way that your bot looks. You
can update its name and its description.
But, what I usually do is if I want to
make any changes like that, I just tell
the bot in the chat to make those
changes. And if you'll notice over here
on the left, all of my bots have actual
images that represent who they are.
So, the way I did that was I just told
the bot, "Create an image for yourself
that represents who you are." And it's
pretty fun watching them come up with an
image for themself that they think
represents who they are. And there we
go. There's Captain. And if you'll
notice, it not only created the image,
but it also updated its image over here.
So, that's its new avatar. And really,
it's that simple. With a lot of other AI
tools, you have to configure API keys,
choose a model, and write system
instructions. Grok Bot eliminates all of
that. You just describe the role, answer
a few questions, and the bot is ready.
Let's set up your other bots now so you
can have a team of bots just like I do.
As you're thinking about building out
your team, you should be thinking of
each of your bots as an employee with a
specialized role. So, every time you
need help with contracts, for instance,
you'll always use the same bot for that.
And unlike a lot of other AI tools where
you might have multiple threads that are
related topics, with Grok Bot, you
always go to the same bot for the same
topic or task. Like here with the
contracts, I'm going to the same bot
every time I need it to review a
contract for me. It really feels like
you're just messaging an employee on
something like iMessage. So, let me run
you through some of my bots and what
they can do. We'll start with Scribe.
Scribe is in charge of my email inbox,
but also a lot more than that. If you
click on the name of your bot on the
top, that will open up the right side
panel where you can see their name and
description. And you'll see here that I
also give all of my bots a title.
Scribe, I've given the title of email.
That way, when I look at all the bots
over here on the left, I not only see
the name, but I can quickly see what
their role is. Scribe is in charge of
email. Prism is my designer, and
Hemingway is my scripter.
But returning back to the description
over here, you see that Scribe is in
charge of not only my inbox, but they
also manage my entire content calendar
to make sure I release all my YouTube
videos on time, and they help me
negotiate all of my brand deals.
And all of that requires them to have
access to a lot of third-party tools
like Gmail, for instance. What's cool
about that is that in order to give a
bot access to a third-party tool, you
just chat with it, and it will tell you
if it needs access to a tool in order to
do its job, and will walk you through
setting up access. So, when I first set
up and used Scribe, I told it I wanted
it to help me with my emails, and then
it said, "Oh, we should connect up your
Gmail." And it pulled up this card right
here. I just had to click on it, and it
walked me through how to connect Gmail
with Grok Bot so Scribe could then have
access to my email inbox. Anyway, that's
Scribe. And actually, I rarely message
Scribe directly because she works on a
routine. A few times a day, she checks
my inbox, researches the companies that
have reached out to me, compares that
against my content calendar, drafts
replies, and gives me suggestions on how
to handle each email. And all of that is
done even if my computer is off. And
that's because all bots have access to a
computer in the cloud that's logged into
all the tools you use. So, routines will
run even if your computer is off. If you
want to set up a routine like this for
yourself, it's very easy because you can
just ask your bot to do it. To set up
your own Scribe, again, click on the
plus, click on new bot, and then create
a new bot, and then tell it something
like, "Your name is Scribe. You're going
to handle all my emails for me. Scan
through the last 2 weeks of emails to
understand the types of emails I get and
how I respond. Then, look at the Notion
page entitled CRM, where I'm tracking
all my leads. From there, set up a
routine so you draft replies to all the
emails I receive every 2 hours during
the day." Once you submit that, it will
name itself Scribe, it will pull up the
plugins that need to be added, and then
set up a routine so it can handle your
email inbox for you. The important thing
here is that Scribe isn't responding to
emails in a void. She has the full
context of my business and can access
the tools and resources needed to
respond successfully. And all of that
was set up with just a conversation. One
thing I only briefly mentioned so far is
that your bots will talk to each other.
It's one of the coolest features of
GrokBot. You can put several bots in the
same channel, give them one project, and
watch them pass the work between
themselves instead of asking you to
approve each step. This is most obvious
when you use a chief of staff or
delegator bot because their whole job is
literally to delegate work to other
bots. You can see a good example of that
here. I told Chief that I wanted her to
come up with an idea for a YouTube video
and put as much together as she can.
So, instead of doing that work herself,
she first spoke to Seeker. Seeker is my
researcher bot. She goes out and does
research on trending topics. And she's
able to see what kinds of topics would
make good YouTube videos. So, she pulled
up a bunch of ideas, came back to Chief
with those, and then Chief spoke to
Hemingway. Hemingway is my scripter bot.
It knows my tone of voice, it knows how
I like to outline my YouTube videos. So,
then Hemingway put together the outlines
for three different videos. And you can
see that when Hemingway was finished, it
actually messaged Chief. And we can
click on this right here to see their
exchange. I mean, look at all of this.
This is a conversation back and forth
between Chief and Hemingway that I'm not
a part of at all. I had no idea that all
of this was happening in the background.
But that's how this works. They then
sent the task over to Prism, who is my
designer, and Prism came up with some
ideas for YouTube thumbnails. And you
can see here that Prism got this
assignment directly from Hemingway.
After he finished putting together the
script, he then sent them over to Prism
so that Prism could come up with the
ideas for the thumbnails. And again, all
of this was a conversation I was not a
part of at all. It's absolutely wild.
Let me return back to Seeker because I
want to show you what else I use her
for. I use this as my primary research
bot. Grok bot has an X plugin. So,
Seeker can monitor X 24/7 looking for
video opportunities for my channel. If
you're not a content creator, you can
tell Seeker to monitor for important
updates in your field. With that plugin,
Grog Bot is the best tool I have found
for monitoring X, which I'm sure as you
know is where all the news breaks these
days. But Seeker doesn't just stop at
research. Once Seeker finds a good
opportunity, it will send it over to
MapMaker. And again, we can see that
conversation happening right here. She
found all of these different video
topics, sent them over to MapMaker, and
MapMaker is my brainstormer. It's going
to determine whether that topic will be
a good fit for my channel right now, and
what angle I might take. So the two of
them together discuss back and forth all
of these different trending topics that
Seeker has found, and then MapMaker will
determine if it's something it wants to
bring to my attention. And if it does,
and I approve the video, it will then
send it over to Hemingway to outline the
video. So with this workflow, I'm being
kept in the loop. I'm still going to
approve every video before it gets
outlined, but all the back-end stuff,
all the wrote research, that is all
being done automatically, and all my
bots are filtering out all the noise, so
I only get what is most important. My
favorite bot though is Concierge.
Concierge makes me feel like I am some
high-powered decamillionaire CEO,
because her entire purpose is to make my
life more comfortable. She has access to
my Google calendar and checks it every
morning. And then she does whatever it
takes to make my life easier. For
example, I have a bunch of dietary
restrictions, and sometimes I show up at
a restaurant and I have no idea what to
order. Well, the other day, she noticed
that I had a reservation at a local
restaurant for brunch. So she opened up
her browser, looked at the menu, and
worked with my fitness bot Coach Cal,
and together the two of them figured out
some suggestions on what I should order.
Is this something I could do for myself?
Absolutely. But this saves me a little
bit of mental bandwidth, and honestly,
it's just nice. For example, I also go
to physical therapy every week because I
kind of messed up my shoulder recently,
and my PT's office is right near
Smoothie King. If Concierge sees
physical therapy on my calendar, it will
make sure that there is a smoothie
waiting for me to pick up when I leave
PT. I just gave it a list of flavors
that I like, but I told it, "Don't tell
me which one you're ordering that day,
so it's always a surprise." A lot of
this is possible because all of your
bots have access to a computer in the
cloud that's logged in to all the tools
that you use. You can see the cloud
computer by clicking on this computer
icon on the top right. And if you open
it up, you can see their computer. So,
we have down here the Chrome browser. It
has a file manager, and it has terminal.
So, as long as you can do the task in a
browser, your bot can do it for you. You
don't need your laptop on because they
all have access to a computer in the
cloud that's logged in to the tools that
you would use anyway. For this smoothie
example, the first time I set this up,
Concierge asked me to sign in to
DoorDash on the website, and then I took
over the browser, logged in, put in my
login information, and now Concierge has
access to my DoorDash account, so it can
place those orders for me. The last bot
I want to show you today is called Bob
the Builder, and his job is to just
build things for me. If I have ideas for
apps or websites, that's his job. I've
been doing a lot of vibe coding
recently. I find it really neat to
create personalized software, and it
turns out Grok and Grokbot are really
good for vibe coding. What I've also
done is given Bob a routine. So, every
month he looks through my website and
updates it with the current information.
So, there's a lot of stuff here that can
quickly get out of date, like the number
of subscribers that I have, number of
views on my channel, the latest videos
that I have up here that are doing well,
well, as some other stuff. So, every
month now, Bob updates all of that
automatically for me. That's something I
got very lazy about in the past. A lot
of my website would be out of date, but
now Bob makes sure that it's always
current. This is another one of those
things where I just had no idea if it
was possible. So, I asked Bob if he was
able to do it, and he figured it out. He
had me log in everywhere I needed to log
in, so that he can keep everything
updated. Now, you may not have a website
like I do, but there's surely something
that you have to do on a routine every
month or couple of months that you just
don't want to have to worry about. And
that's the perfect kind of task to
outsource to a bot. Honestly, I feel
like I'm just scratching the surface of
what you can do with Grok Bot. Once you
start thinking in terms of jobs instead
of prompts or threads, there are a lot
of directions you can take this in. Over
here, for instance, is Atlas. This is my
travel bot who monitors flights and
hotel prices for me. I'm going to set up
another one to optimize my credit card
points because I have a ton of those
just sitting there unused because I
don't even know how to use them, but I'm
going to put a bot on the job so he can
figure it out. I have Hound here who is
my personal shopper. They're always
looking around for the best deals for
me. I have another one called
Nightingale. She's shopping for health
insurance for me, which is such a
nightmare for me to do myself, so I've
just given that job to a bot. The point
is there are a ton of possibilities with
this if you get creative. In fact, I'm
thinking about creating a second Grok
Bot video where I talk entirely about
unusual consumer use cases that help
with your personal life instead of work
tasks. If you want a video like that,
let me know in the comments section down
below. If you want to try GrokBot, use
the link at the top of the description
and in the pinned comment. My
recommendation is to start with one bot,
give the bot a clear name, a specific
role, and access to the websites and
tools it needs to help you best. Once
that works, add a second specialist,
then a third, then a fourth, then don't
forget you can add them to a group chat
and have them assign each other tasks.
That's when GrokBot starts to feel less
like another AI tool and more like a
team you can actually text and give work
to. Thank you to SpaceX AI for
sponsoring this video and thank you for
watching. I'll see you in the next one.
Bye for now.
