 
Today, I'm going to talk about what
everybody else is talking about these
days, Grokbot. Yes, I did an episode
lovingly entitled Grok Grok Grok, where
I gave you my high-level overview of
Grokbot, the new Grok models, and
Origin, Cursors new GitHub replacement.
But, today I'm going to talk
specifically about Grokbot. After
several weeks of working with Grokbot, I
have to tell you the truth. I have
killed all my open claws and moved
almost entirely
to Grokbot. In this episode, I'm just
going to show you a couple very
practical use cases of Grokbot, why I
think it's better right now than some of
the open claws I was running, what is
still missing, and what I can't wait for
you to try. This is going to be a
totally hands-on mini episode with bot
ideas you can steal. We will put the bot
links and the bot templates in the show
notes, and I hope this is a really
specific way to get you up and running
in your life a little bit better with
Grokbot. This episode is brought to you
by WorkOS. AI has already changed how we
work. Tools are helping teams write
better code, analyze customer data, and
even handle support tickets
automatically. But, there's a catch.
These tools only work well when they
have deep access to company systems.
Your co-pilot needs to see your entire
code base. Your chatbot needs to search
across internal docs. And for enterprise
buyers, that raises serious security
concerns.
That's why these apps face intense IT
scrutiny from day one. To pass, they
need secure authentication, access
controls, audit logs, the whole suite of
enterprise features.
Building all that from scratch, it's a
massive lift. That's where WorkOS comes
in.
WorkOS gives you drop-in APIs for
enterprise features, so your app can
become enterprise-ready and scale
upmarket faster. Think of it like Stripe
for enterprise features.
OpenAI, Perplexity, and Cursor are
already using Work OS to move faster and
meet enterprise demands.
Join them and hundreds of other industry
leaders at workos.com.
Start building today.
Okay, quickly before we get into use
cases, let's just remind you of exactly
what Grok Bot is. Grok Bot is the new
multi-agent platform from the SpaceX AI
team, which is really positioned as AI
teammates you can give real work. And
this has been my experience. You all
know I love multiple open claws. I love
to name my agents specific names and
give them specific jobs. And Grok Bot
has a very similar feel where you can
define agents, give them jobs, and
assign them work to do.
Looking at Grok Bot, there's just a
couple things that I think you need to
know. First of all, Grok Bot is very
simple. It looks a little bit like
iMessage, a little bit like terminal
with just a couple affordances that make
it nice to write code and have computer
use, but there are a couple key
primitives of Grok Bot I think is
important to know as you get started.
First are
the Groks, the bots. I don't know what
we call them. I'm going to call them
bots. The bots. As you can see on the
left hand of my screen, you can define
individual agents. To create an agent,
you just click this plus sign, and then
you can either search your existing
bots. Look, I was correct, they're
called bots, capital B. Or you can
create a new bot. Fun fact, if you
create a new bot with a specific name,
it will infer from that bot's name what
its job is. So, if you, like me, created
one of your first bots named Proddy
McProd, it's going to understand that
it's probably going to work with you on
products.
So, you can see here I've named a couple
bots, but these are sort of the threads,
the agents, the individual defined scope
and context that you're going to be
working with. And just general
recommendation, I really like again this
sort of like bot as colleague, bot as
coworker, bot per job framework. So,
this is why it works really well with my
mindset. is I like to hire my bots like
I hire people for specific jobs and with
specific names and that is the kind of
like fundamental way that Grok bot
works. The second thing that you need to
know about Grok bot are plugins. So,
plugins are combinations of skills and
connectors that allow you to interact
with different parts of your stack. Um
the most common integrations and plugins
that you're going to use are going to be
these productivity ones. So, you can see
the ones I've added at the top. Your
Gmail, calendar, Google Drive. I have
Granola, GitHub, Sentry, Chat PRD. I
have a bunch of them.
This is where I fell in love with Grok
bot. The connector experience is really
good. One, because you'll rarely go into
this screen. You will rarely I'm showing
you this screen because I'm trying to
give you the world tour of Grok bot, but
you'll rarely have to actually
explicitly go into the Grok bot screen
and set up plugins. Often your bot will
just prompt you to connect the plugins
that it needs and then you go through a
really easy O off flow and then you're
off to the races. The other thing I love
about Grok bot and I called this out in
my earlier
review is that you can connect multiple
accounts per plugin. And again,
thank you SpaceX AI team for this killer
feature um where I have
six email addresses. I actually have
more than this. I probably have 10. They
can all be connected. My Grok bot can
switch and move between all of them.
Super simple. In case you missed it,
OpenAI um released multi-Gmail,
calendar, and drive, I think. Don't
quote me. Um connectors for Codex and
work. So, I I see some of these other
harnesses kind of like picking up on how
important this is, but especially as an
entrepreneur that runs multiple
businesses, the ability to connect
multiple slots, multiple linears,
multiple Gmails, all those sorts of
things have been super helpful. And it's
just really elegant the way that these
connectors are done. The final thing
that you need to know is that Grok Bot
has a computer and it has routines. So,
every Grok Bot has a virtual machine
which it can do work. This means you can
log into websites, it means you can
install things, you can run code
generation, you can run
repos locally. So, it does have its own
computer that you can actually click
into and yourself run.
This runs in the cloud. So, if you
switch like me to Grok Bot on your
phone,
you'll have continuity of tasks, which
is really nice. And then it has
routines, which is just scheduled times
it does stuff for you. So, when I talk
to you about how I design my Grok Bots,
I'm going to show you how I define them,
what routines I give them, how I work
with them, and then how we use plugin
and computer to get jobs done. Now, the
caveat that I want everybody to hear,
including the bot product team, is these
are still single player. This is the one
thing where an Eve agent, which I've
done an episode on, or an Open Claw,
which I've done many episodes on, really
still wins is you can't put a Grok Bot
in the group chat. And I want a Grok Bot
in the group chat. Once you get addicted
to the bot, you want to share this with
other people. They have released a share
a bot template feature in the past week
where you can share your bot with your
team and they can have the same
instructions and routines and stuff like
that, but it's just not the same as a
single bot between two folks chatting
with it. I really look forward to that
feature from the team whenever they get
it live.
Okay, so that is that was the
fundamentals of GrokBot. Let's go into a
couple specific ways I use it. I'm going
to cover kind of a general purpose chief
of staff bot. I'm going to look at some
of my business bots and I'm going to end
with some of the more fun personal bots
that I have had a really delightful
experience with.
So first, let's talk with Chief. Um
Chief, the chief of staff bot, you can
see here Chief has got the salute. Um it
doesn't even actually have a name. It's
just named this emoji. But Chief is just
my general purpose keep my life aligned,
go through my emails, go through my
calendar, make sure I'm on top of stuff
bot.
Chief is who has killed Polly. If you
are new here, Polly is my beloved
OpenClaw. She has deleted my calendar.
She has responded to emails. She has
texted people that I'm late. Polly is
the bar for a gentle co-worker and I
regret to inform you
I have murdered murdered Polly. In fact,
I had Polly kind of murder herself. It
was very meta. I will show you quickly
how to migrate from OpenClaw to um
GrokBot if you want.
But Chief is my now chief of staff and
doing quite a good job. So, what do I
have Chief do? Well, I have Chief do
basic chief of staff stuff. So, on an
hourly basis, Chief sweeps my inbox, my
calendar, and my Slack. And again, I
have like six inboxes, six Slacks, many
calendars, many meetings. And it's only
going to ping me when it needs me. So,
it's supposed to clear out emails I
don't need to look at. It's supposed to
just leave things unread that I don't
need to worry about, but it's going to
ping me and be very high signal about
what I need to pay attention to. And I
run this hourly, sort of like business
hours, which for me are like 6:00 a.m.
to 9:00 p.m. Um, 7 days a week. I don't
really run it overnight. I I don't want
people to get used to me responding to
them overnight, but we'll see.
And it's going to archive work that
stays silent. The other thing that I've
trained Chief is how to talk like me. I
will say the Grok model sniffs of
Claude, um, in that it's just really a
terrible writer. And one of my
complaints about Grok bot is that it has
been tuned clearly to be brief and token
efficient.
And that means sometimes it just says
crazy stuff. It tries to compress
compress a sentence that would make
sense if you wrote out the sentence into
like three or four words, and it just
doesn't have a very natural voice. It
doesn't have sort of inscrutable Claude
slop in that it's too long or verbose.
It's actually the opposite. It's too
clipped and short, and it's hard to
understand what it means. So, one of the
first things I did is said, "Go through
my emails and really pull out my voice."
And I will say I've tried this a couple
times with a couple models, a couple
harnesses. I've been really happy with
the prompt that Grok bot put together.
Again,
I have short short warm funny emails,
never an M dash. I usually open emails
with hey. I usually sign them off with a
little C. I have scheduling links, all
that kind of stuff. And it's done a
pretty good job. I still don't love it
writing on my behalf, but for low stakes
stuff, it definitely works.
So, I've trained
Grok bot, um, Chief on my voice, and
then it does that hourly sweep. It does
a morning briefing, and it does a
weekend plan ahead, so I know what's
happening in my work life in the weekend
ahead. And then it can go back and forth
with me on alerts that it thinks I need
to know about. For example, right here
you can see I got
um some data transfer edge request
spikes on the website. I think that's
because we released the article today.
I think that's because we released a
podcast today and a lot of people come
visit the website after we release a
podcast. But it said it's worth looking
at, but you can wait till after your
meeting. I've been really pleased with
how Chief works. That being said, I have
had to tune it and what I've had to tune
in terms of Grokbot versus OpenClaw that
I think was a little bit better is
OpenClaw had that heartbeat function.
So, if I said, you know, like every 5
minutes or 30 minutes or whatever, I
just need you to be more proactive.
Out of the box, I felt like OpenClaw was
a lot more proactive. It was hard to
maintain and hard to get to that
productivity, but it was sort of like
more natural. Here, I really had to tell
Chief a couple times, like put this on a
schedule. Why aren't you doing this? I
asked you to watch my emails. And so, I
would say being a little bit more
explicit about when you want it to run
routines, you kind of have to manage
that. It's easy to see because it's set
up in the settings, but it is something
that I noticed that you have to do
pretty specifically. Okay, so that's
Chief, my business chief of staff, but
then of course, we have
Tradbot. And Tradbot
is my family agent. Now, I have a very
complicated business life. I have an
even more complicated home life. I've
got three kids, three boys. I've got a
baby. We're in apparently 80 different
sports this year. We're teaching
pre-algebra. We're teaching people to
read. We're teaching babies to sleep.
We're doing all the things. I have a
delightful husband upstairs who takes a
lot of our family operations off my
plate. Very, very appreciative of that.
But we need help and the help we get is
an agent. And
this is what I have to say generally
about parenting {slash} agents for the
home is the ideal thing for an agent for
a home is to get you off your computer
and with your family. So, that is always
my goal with a trad agent, a household
agent, is I actually don't want to spend
a lot of time with the agent. That's a
failure state. I want the the agent to
make it really easy for me to spend time
with my kids
off the computer. So, I'll talk a little
bit about what I do with these agents.
It may sound familiar to you if you've
listened to my podcast about Open Claw
about 6 months ago.
So, um of course we do a weekday family
digest, but more specifically we do a
kitchen table newspaper
that outlines highlights about our day,
the kids' days, important reminders, but
is printed off this beautiful um HP
printer I have over here and gets set on
the table next to our kids so they can
read about it, we can all read about it.
And of course I don't want to dox my
beautiful children, but I will show you
a sort of anonymized version of what
this um newsletter looks like.
So, it's got a title across the top.
It's got um a schedule, so who has our
winter spelling test coming up. It's
Labor Day, so we're not going to have
school on Monday. Um we live in San
Francisco, so it will show the weather
which is always between 55 and 62 at
least in um August, and so it'll tell
tell us what we need to wear, always
wear a light jacket. I can make this a
fixed script and it would probably be
the same. And then it's saying, "Okay,
school's going to be misty and foggy."
My kids go to school kind of um in the
in the fog in the woods, so this is good
to know. And then for each kid it kind
of says like, "What do we know from the
emails from school? What do we know
about your homework? What's happening up
this weekend?" And then mom and dad
tasks, and I will tell you the straight
truth. I think I am I'm a tiger mom. I'm
on top of my kids' homework. And this
morning I read this I read this
newsletter, not this specific example. I
read this newsletter, and so it said,
"Don't forget middle kid has math
homework due on Wednesday."
And in my mind I was like, "I haven't
seen
math homework." It was math homework was
not in my head. And you know, he's he's
little. I want to make sure that I'm on
top of things, and it was just one of
those like very nice quality of life
things. Wasn't on a computer, wasn't an
email, was printed out on my kitchen
desk, and allowed me to kind of know
what was going on and not forget all the
things that we seemingly are juggling.
And then my favorite part on the right,
it has kid-friendly news topics. Um the
Pokémon World Champions were in San
Francisco, and so
and talks about that event, which was
here. I was really excited about this.
This came up in a couple of our
newsletters, but the NASA telescope
blasted off this week. So just like a
really cool fun things, fun facts for us
to talk about um at the kitchen table in
the morning when we're having breakfast
or doing our homework that I think is
really fun. Um I do have to steal a kind
of like little minor workflow from my
husband, which is you can use an email
to Kindle address to email this kind of
newsletter to your Kindle and read it. I
think it's such a genius like I idea
again to get off
a laptop, get away from your phone, but
still read the news that you care about
or have a summary. A Kindle can be a
nice thing, and you can email any PDF to
your email with Kindle address. And so
that can be another way if you make this
not for your kids, but for yourself,
that you can ingest this kind of
information.
Okay, so um morning digest kitchen table
newsletter, and then just making me
aware I am supposed to be. So this uh
kicks off at 2:30 every afternoon before
school pick up, and it just asks,
"Claire, EJ, or someone else, who is
picking up the kids? What do we need to
bring? Do we have the jujitsu gear? Do
we have the soccer snacks? Um do we have
conflicts where piano's over here and
baseball's over there? Do we have the
things?" And again, I hope that parents
can or maybe I don't hope that they can
empathize with with this, but we are
just every day living our um best
extracurricular life.
Sometimes I have meetings, sometimes my
husband has meetings, and just knowing
getting us really coordinated just in
time to head out the door and get our
kids to the right things when it seems
like every week those things might
change schedule just a little bit has
been
super helpful. And then the mega version
of that, which is a Friday preview of
what's ahead on Saturday and Sunday.
Again, we hate ourselves, so we've
signed our kids up for three sports
across the entire city, and sometimes
one kid needs to be at the marina and
another kid needs to be in Woodside, and
then we have a baby.
And we just need to know who needs to go
where.
Just a summary of like, "Here's what's
happening this weekend. Here's when, you
know, you have a bye week. Here's what
you need. Here's when you're carpooling
someone." has been really, really
helpful and keeps us in line. I have
released Chad Bot as a template if you
want to borrow it, just go to my Twitter
or look in the show notes and I will
share you all these templates, but
super, super useful um bot. I
love them. This episode is brought to
you by Hyper Agent, the platform for
deploying always-on agents that actually
run your business.
With Hyper Agent, you build agents in
the cloud and deploy them where your
work already happens, like Slack,
Telegram, or email. An agent will scan
your inbox and draft replies to vendor
follow-ups. Another monitors competitors
and spins up rich ad kits and landing
pages. A third notices a deal going cold
in Salesforce and writes the save email
with full account context. These aren't
chatbots waiting for a perfect prompt.
They're proactive, learning your
preferences, retaining your playbooks,
and getting better with every run. One
user built four agents to run an
outbound sales pipeline. Prospecting,
outreach, follow-ups, CRM updates, all
in a single afternoon. No local setup,
no VPS bills, no fragile permissions on
your laptop, just powerful agents with
full control over skills, tools, and
guardrails. How I AI listeners get $100
in free inference to start building.
Claim yours at hyperagent.com/howiai.
Okay, moving to some engineering use
cases that I think are quite useful. I
have two that I will show you both
around code review and keeping code
moving in a healthy way. One is look
good to me, the PR closer. I don't know
about you all, but I am just opening PR
after PR after a PR after PR. And we
have to as part of our SOC 2 compliance
posture and controls, we do review the
PRs. We review them both agentically and
as humans. And like
PRs are stacking up a little bit because
it's way more fun to issue a PR than
review a PR. So, if you have empathy
that your job has become reviewing PRs
and you don't like it, I have empathy,
too. So, I created look good to me, the
PR closer, which every day goes through
my PRs and sees what needs to be merged,
what needs to be closed, what needs to
be rebased,
um responds to comments, sends Slack,
and does all the things to basically be
like an annoying engineer manager to
keep things moving along in the PR
pipeline. Right now, I have a kind of
kooky bananas stacked PR um with a bunch
of different branches stacked on top of
it, all of which need to be rebased and
monitored for bug bot feedback and all
this stuff, and look good to me. The PR
closer is managing all that for me as
well. Um why I want to show this one is
uh it can Grok bot can kick off cursor
cloud agent um coding jobs. And so, you
can see here that these rebases or
feedback on different PRs can be done by
cursor. So, I've also allowed it to and
given it some rules about writing in the
code base and updating things. And this
is just a really nice again quality of
life thing for our engineering team, so
that we know exactly what needs
eyeballs, review stamp, and can be
merged. And I think with um look good to
me the PR closer on Friday, I like
really ran through about 50 PRs that had
just been sitting on basically me to
review. Some big, some small.
Um and so, I got through them and our PR
queue is much much healthier now.
The other one, um which I think is a
really great use case that I would love
to to call out for folks is we have our
SOC 2 um controls. They're managed in a
central dashboard, and every day as a
small team we have to go through and
make sure that all of our monitors are
green, that any monitors that are
alerting are not so outside SLA, that
we're closing vulnerabilities, all that
kind of stuff. And so, I have built
lockdown the SOC 2 control bot. And what
this SOC 2 control bot does, is it
actually logs into that dashboard we use
to manage our SOC 2 controls, looks
through all the controls, make sure that
none of them need human attention. Um if
there are code controls that we need to
address, for example, a new
vulnerability identified, it triages
that vulnerability and issues a PR and
then asks me to um review and approve
it. And this is across both code
controls and personnels or of
operational controls, things like have
we done an account audit? Um and so it's
just a very nice to have someone, quote
unquote, an agent monitoring this
company process for us and making it
really easy to interact with the
responsibilities that we have um to our
clients. And so
I sometimes say this, we can put AI to
work or we can have AI put us to work in
a more effective way. And I really think
that having AI put me to work against
our SOC 2 controls and our um compliance
and security position is really nice.
It's just like having an intern who taps
me on the shoulder every now and then
and says, "Don't forget tomorrow is
account review today." Or "Don't forget
we're going to offboard um contractor B
because they're they're no longer with
the company and we need to go through
their offboarding list." Again, we still
drive these controls, but um having this
bot to manage that is very helpful. And
then finally, I do have to say something
that has been really impressive from a
quality perspective is migrating over
Holly Help Desk, our help desk um
customer support agent at ChatPurity,
over to GrokBot. Um this again used to
be an open cloud which was pretty good.
I spent a lot of time giving it tools
and access and controls and all that
sort of stuff. Um but now it runs
through GrokBot. And why I say I've been
so impressed is in the last week, since
running Holly Help Help Desk, I have
gotten multiple people asking to leave
reviews about our support being so good.
And I've not heard that before. I mean,
you all love me, but no one has said
like, "Let me leave a review for your
exceptional customer support." But Holly
Help Desk is crushing. And so I do have
to say the quality from a customer
service perspective is really good. So
what she does is every hour she sweeps
the Intercom and email inbox. She uses
our support playbook and tools, and she
manages um refunds, technical support
fixes. She's empowered if there is a bug
to fix it using cloud um Cursor Cloud
agents. She is empowered to request
refunds for me, and I really love this
um request tool use approval flow. You
can see here every time a refund needs
to be um processed, it gives me a
button. It says, "Should I refund or
not?" I'm going to go ahead and refund
Ruben's $19. It should push to me a
Stripe request. That's Stripe request. I
can open in Stripe. It's called an agent
action. It allows me to explicitly
approve that action for the agent to do
on my behalf in Stripe, and then this
the refund is issued, and Holly emails
back. The other thing Holly does is on a
weekly basis looks back 7 days and sees
if there are any items we need to add
either to our support playbook or to our
docs to make sure that most of our
support issues can be self-service. This
is really helpful. And then finally,
we have a ChatPurity community Slack.
And I'm really terrible at managing the
ChatPurity community Slack. And so I
have given Holly access to manage the
ChatPurity community Slack, um look in
support, and reply to those questions,
and even prompt and manage um community
engagement inside that Slack. I'll show
you what it looks like. So you can see
here, this is a message from Holly Help
Desk. Um basically been I've been down
um heads down on some awesome stuff. Um
and there's some behind-the-scenes work
going on in ChatPurity, and please drop
a hello and instructions. And it says
sent using Cursor because I did not send
this. Holly sent this. So again, this is
one of these things that helps me be
more engaged with my community. I can
then go and reply to comments, do all
sorts of stuff, but I don't have to have
that blank page or that reminder to do
this work. Um the bot itself can prompt
me to do it. Okay, finally, I want to
end with a couple really fun use cases.
So, these are more personal use cases
that I have found to be quite
delightful, and I hope that you will
find interesting as well.
One is Penny Pincher. Penny Pincher does
exactly what you think she does, which
is she goes into my email and finds
pennies to pinch. She finds things to
cancel. And so, I just say, "Go through
my receipts, find subscriptions I should
cancel, things I'm paying for that I
shouldn't do." You And what was really
interesting about using Penny Pincher,
the Grok Bot, is that it did find things
that I should cancel, like a Apple game
that I was paying for since my kids were
really little, and now they're big, they
don't need it anymore. But, it's also
found things that I can negotiate that
will renew in the future. So, a good
example it found was, "Our home
insurance is going to renew in a couple
months. Um I want you to I'm going to
negotiate, find other rates, and go back
to our agent with market rates against
the policy that we have, so we can have
a negotiated rate."
It also says that a trial for Apple
Creator Studio is ending in November.
It's going to remind me ahead of that
renewal, and I can decide whether or not
I want to renew it or not. And then it
noticed I wasn't using Audible, and it
said, "You know, you've been paying for
Audible, but you haven't been actually
redeeming your Audible credits for a
couple months." And so again, I paused
that for 90 days because I have
aspirations to listen to Audible. I'm
not going to listen to Audible. Um but,
it's going to remind me in November when
that pause is ending, and help me decide
whether or not I want to do it. Another
thing that I had Penny Pincher do, which
is not really penny pinching, it is
really spending dollars, is I wanted a
birth year Rolex. I just I want a fancy
watch. I've been wearing this Apple
Watch for my entire adult life. Um And
so I said, "Can you go shop for me?" And
it actually went into the marketplace
and found the exact size, which is not
the standard size, and a couple options
in particular ones that were
um
ones that were released in the year that
I was born, and it gave me a bunch of
options, and then it told me what the
market price should be against the
watches on the market, and then
identified ones that were open for
negotiation and started negotiating for
me. Now,
I'm going to tell you all who I really
am. I'm just I'm too low maintenance to
buy this watch. So, I will be staying
with my Apple Watch.
Um if you all want to convince me that a
grown-up watch is worth it, please do.
But, I thought it was that was pretty
interesting to have it go shop for a
watch and even a negotiate a good price
for this. I have created separate from
Penny Pincher a Shopzilla bot that can
just go shop things for me. I am trying
to find a 30-in wide, 15-in deep
bookcase for a corner of my house, and
you can see here Shopzilla went out on
their its browser,
and it found me a bunch of different
options that I can purchase for or buy
that all match the dimensions. This is
something that's a total pain that I
would never want to do manually, and it
really did it quite well and found some
options that I wasn't able to find
myself. And then the most fun personal
use case, I will just end today's
episode
with my favorite Grok bot, which is
Sylvie Style. She is going to help me
buy clothes.
Um Just had a baby. I'm still nursing
that baby. I don't like my clothes.
They're not fun. I'm a podcaster, so I
really only have to have cool clothes
from the waist up. But, I have this
beautiful aspiration board as many of us
do about like what I would like to wear
if I were human that left the house. And
so I have this Pinterest board. And so
what I gave Sylvie style is I gave her
that Pinterest board. I made it public
so she could look at it.
She logged in
and she went and combed through and
created a visual language for herself
about my style. I asked her to look on
Reddit for personal stylist and stylist
how they approach building people's
wardrobe. So I was like, go find out
what the experts do.
And then Sylvie style built me
my own style board including top
priority items that I need or should buy
um including basics,
sweatpants because I was like, look I'm
doing school drop off. We're not trying
to be fancy.
Some nice up-leveled workwear
and then um some fun accessories like
graphic tees and jewelry. And so this is
really fun because again, this is like
kind of a thing I like to do on my free
time which is go shop and find things I
like, but I really don't have I don't
know. I just don't have confidence that
I'm buying the right things, that
they're going to all go together, that
it's worth the time. And so being able
to say like, this is what I like, these
are the styles I like,
build me a plan of high quality things
that I can invest in and then give me a
shoppable board has been super awesome,
but the cherry on top is the Monday
wardrobe shop. So every Monday
at 8:00 a.m. it goes through and sees
what retailers are running sales and
then goes and finds pieces inside those
sales that match my style and sends me a
message with links to shops. So I'm
going to show you what that looks like.
So it looks like this. Um here's the
Monday sale haul um given me, you know,
about 10 things that I can go look at
that match what I would like to buy that
are actually on sale, so I'm saving a
little bit money, um, that I can go
purchase and maybe build into my
wardrobe if I would decide to wear
anything but AI startup hoodies. Okay,
so that has been my world tour of Grok
Bot. I'm going to leave you with a final
tip, which is
how to execute your open claws. And, um,
I did this sadly, I did this with no
joy, but I did do it and I think it's
worth showing you.
So, I have a rescue bot because when
you're running open claw, you have to
have a rescue bot to save all your other
open claws because they're a nightmare
to maintain, but I have this rescue bot.
His name is the lifeguard. His only job
is to manage the other bots and
I said, "Hey, I want you to pull a
secrets free package of my entire agent
setup, crons, agent identities, rules,
etc." Um, I'm going to move everything
to Eve agents, but then I moved
everything to, um, Grok bots. I'm really
struggling with Gog off and it's making
it impossible to use. So, it went
through and actually provided me
a, um, zip file that had all my agent
identities, all my cron files,
everything I needed, um, and I was able
to just literally upload sub folders of
that to, um, Grok Bot and it kind of
like did brain transplant. It pulled
over their personalities, pulled over
their tasks, pulled over their
connectors, and I was ready to go. And
then, when it was time to
kill the agents,
I just said,
"Kill Sam." I migrated him and the
lifeguard went through and pulled all
the crons, pulled all the, um, gateway
configuration, pulled everything out and
Sam went to sleep. So,
not to end on the most morbid part of
the episode, but that is how to migrate
your beloved open claws
to a new platform and then
get rid of them. Now,
what do I have to say having gone
through this?
UX matters. It just does. And I think
open claws set the standard for what an
autonomous teammate personal agent can
do. Multiplayer was genius. Um use cases
were awesome. But at the end of the day,
I struggled so much to maintain my open
claw, and I am a very technical person.
I have tailscale running. I'm SSH'd into
my Mac mini. I have a lifeguard claw. I
have all this stuff, and it was just too
hard. And so, I think um that SpaceX AI
team really nailing a simple everything
works out of the box 90%
co-worker agent um has really just
solved a lot of my problems, and I have
let these agent rip. So, I've showed
you, you know, a half dozen of them. I
have probably 30 running at any one
time. I would love to hear from you
what your use cases are for Grok Bot, if
there's any you missed, if there's any
you want me to build from you. And in
the meantime, enjoy your bots, and tell
me what you get done with them. Thanks
for joining How AI. I'll see you soon.
Thanks so much for watching. If you
enjoyed this show, please like and
subscribe here on YouTube, or even
better, leave us a comment with your
thoughts.
You can also find this podcast on Apple
Podcasts, Spotify, or your favorite
podcast app. Please consider leaving us
a rating and review, which will help
others find the show.
You can see all our episodes and learn
more about the show at how AI pod.com.
See you next time.
