 
Grockbot came out about a week ago,
released by Cursor and XAI, and in one
hour I immediately decided that we're
not going to use Hermes and OpenClaw
anymore, and I became a Grockbot fanboy.
I've already set it up to help me
operationally run my business
GrowthEngineX, where we generate
anywhere from 300 to 400 positive
responses per day on behalf of the 50
customers that we serve with our cold
email services. In this video, we're
going to go over how easy it is to set
up, and then we're going to go over some
of the capabilities that I've already
set my up so that it can help us run our
business, and then we'll go over at my
in-depth comparison of why there's
shortcomings on OpenClaw and Hermes, and
why I'm going all in on Grockbot. First,
let's just prove a little bit about how
many positive responses we're getting,
and then we'll go over how easy it is to
set up Grockbot. So, let's take a
real-life example for a customer you
might have heard about before, Pathos.
We've done a whole video on our channel
about how we get over 80 leads a day for
this customer. And so, if we look at our
daily reports, you might remember that
Grockbot came out on Tuesday, August
11th, so we weren't using it at this
point. And notice how we had a little
bit of a reply rate issue here, where
our overall reply rate was 0.6%, and
then by the end of the day it was 0.7%.
Still, with that low reply rate, we
pulled in 64 positive responses, but you
can see our customer here, every time
they drop below 80, they always and they
always message me. And so, Grockbot, and
this is the real-life situation of how
it how it's impacting our business, we
use Grockbot to do an analysis of all of
the inboxes that are in the campaign,
which ones had the lowest reply rates,
which ones had the highest reply rates,
and then we removed those from the
campaign, and it was super easy because
we have the skills for it already, and
because I transferred it to our account,
I just literally had to send off a
message from my mobile phone and say,
"Hey, can you fix this? The reply rate
is a little low. It's just the inboxes
that need to get swapped out. Let's fix
it." And so, if we want to hop over, and
we can even see Grockbot over here. Hey
Grockbot, can you look through our files
and show us what we did to Pathos on
Tuesday to swap out the inboxes, and can
you give me a little summary of what
happened there so you could show them
how impactful it was? And then we'll
just run that and wait for the summary
to come back. And so, you'll see it just
gave me a report, and I was actually
wrong. I forgot what we had to to fix
about it. And so, it found all the
files, and it was actually that we were
using too many domains over our limit.
And so, it said we started this and we
had 500,000 leads, etc., etc. And then
there was these canceled inboxes, and we
needed to swap them out. And so, it
swapped out these domains, etc., etc.
So, they had this many domains sending,
and we needed to swap them out. And then
that got us this result here. We almost
doubled the reply rate and got at the
end of the day 63 positive responses.
And then the next day, we again more
than doubled the reply rate and got
actually 112 positive responses. And
then we finished Friday up with 76
positive responses. So, Grockbot for
sure has a real impact in our business
with the level of control that we can
have and just the expense of the model
being so cheap that we could just
constantly just give it things to do,
and then it just outputs those things in
the business with real-world examples.
Let's first talk about how easy it is to
set up Grockbot. I tell everyone, when
you're implementing a new agent, there
are three things that you need to do.
One, you needed to give it access to
your tools, including the API keys, the
direct plugins, your connections, etc.
Two, you need to give it access to your
company context. What do you do? What's
your standard operating procedure? What
skill files do you already have saved in
GitHub? All those things. And then
three, you need to actually give it the
ability to do work on your behalf and
then set up a loop so that every day it
can keep learning and keep taking more
and more work off of your plate. In
Hermes and OpenClaw, I was actually
really scared to give it any API keys,
because if you gave it the API key
directly, would it accidentally docs
your API key publicly if there was a
prompt injection? I set up OpenClaw and
Hermes on this random old MacBook that I
had that I cleared, and it was so
annoying to try to transfer any of the
connectors or the plugins. I was signed
in on this computer, and then I had to
go to that computer. It was just crazy.
If we just take a look into our GrokBot
right here, this is the first bot that I
ever set up and you can see literally
how easy it is. I literally just asked
what tools you have access to and then
it already said I have access to all of
these different tools, Gmail, calendar,
drive, etc. It just needs be
authenticated and that was because I
already had a Cursor account. Some of
the plugins that I already had in my
Cursor account went over to my GrokBot
account and I thought that was a great
addition that I didn't expect was going
to be in there. And so the first thing I
asked was connecting to GitHub which
then it did that very quickly and then
there was this back and forth with this
API thing. I just want to jump down to
here. I said, "After you look at my
GitHub, make a list of all of the tools
that I'm going to have to give you API
keys for so that I can onboard you." And
so it said, "SmartLead, OpenAI, Prospio,
Blitz, Million Verifier, Fathom." We had
all these different tools that we needed
to onboard. And I said, "Okay, great.
Let's do the connections first." And
then it just brings up these things. I
think there's a bug with Vercel right
now. We'll try that tomorrow. Then it
said, "Okay, we're going to connect to
GitHub, we're going to connect to
Stripe, we're going to do everything."
And then it says, "Okay, now we're going
to connect these APIs." And they have
this awesome feature where literally it
just went one by one. "What's your
SmartLead API key?" You can see what it
looks like. You would be able to paste
your TypeSense API key in and then it
hit saved and then it's done. You don't
have to fear about the security of did
you give it to this chatbot and then
it's going to know? It says, "Nope, it
don't paste it in the chat. You're going
to put it straight in here." I thought
that was awesome. As far as step one in
our framework of giving it access to our
tools, not only did it come with all
these custom plugins and everything in
this marketplace, it also was super easy
to give API keys and I felt really
secure being able to give the API keys
to the the tool. And then to finish my
own onboarding, all I literally said was
look at my GitHub repo and everything
that we've done before which in order to
get that GitHub repo, I literally just
said to Claude Code and CodeX update a
GitHub repo of who I am and what we do
so we can onboard GrokBot super super
easy. And then I said, "Now start
creating bots for me so that we can use
the Grok Bot feature that everyone is
talking about where the bots will pass
work to each other. What bots would you
suggest and all those things? And it
just started creating all of these bots
for me that I had nothing to do with
creating. It did all of that completely
automatically. So, now let me just show
you what it has access to and what
capabilities it has access to as well.
So, we're going to go to the Taskmaster
one. I found it a little overwhelming to
have to keep picking which one, so I
just wanted one place to go where I just
told it, you are the Taskmaster you know
what all the rest of the bots do. I want
to just talk to you directly. Hey
Taskmaster, can you help me show off to
my friends on YouTube all of the cool
things that we can do? They know that in
order to run a cold email process, we
need to be able to buy domains, we need
to be able to set up those domains in
Zap Mail, we need to bring them to our
Smart Lead account, we need to pull
lists from different sources, we need to
be able to set up campaigns, and then we
need to be able to check on the
analytics of all of these things. Can
you show my friends the skills that you
have access to that give you the
capabilities to do all of these things
so they can get an idea of what we're
already doing? And then we just send
that off. While that's thinking, one of
the coolest part about Grok Bot is the
fact that they gave you access to a
virtual computer inside of Grok Bot. If
you ask it, it has access to all of my
local files. So, if I do something on
Codex or Cloud Code in this computer,
everything has access right there. It
also perfectly syncs with your phone,
which is of course our dream as an
entrepreneur that we have everything in
there. And then it set up its own cloud
environment. My friends have been
telling me that we need to set up cloud
agents and we need to put more in the
cloud and all these other things. And I
just never wanted to set it up cuz it
just seemed so annoying to have to go
through that. And so this computer that
they give you access to, this computer
is always on and is set up just for your
Grok Bot. So, there were even things
that I said, "Hey, can you sign into
this? There's no API key, just username
and password." And then it said, "Okay,
I'll make a .env file and then we can
sign in on this computer." And this
computer is always on. So, we can teach
it tasks, we can say, uh, you know, can
you get access to our super base from
here and make a file and share it with
me, etc., etc. You no longer like this
laptop, this laptop is plugged in at all
times. And if I lose power where I live,
I live on top of a mountain, if I lose
power at my house, sometimes the Wi-Fi
goes out and then if the Wi-Fi goes out
for this computer, everything is done.
Or if for some reason this computer
turns off or just tons of tons of
problems. All these cron jobs that I
have on my Hermes agent on this computer
just go away. Now because they put
everything into a sandbox computer in
the cloud, I don't have to worry about
any of that anymore. So, let's do a
little bit of showing off back into its
capabilities. So, remember, I've been
building skills for my business probably
for a year. So, a lot of this stuff is
very mature and we've gotten and we
figured out a lot of things, but look
what it has access to. GEX onboarding
domain purchase, buys on DynaDot through
the API, it names them, checks live
prices, waits for the exact list then
purchases. Zap mail domain setup, it
knows exactly how to generate the inbox
names. We're going to buy the Zap mail
slots, we flip the name servers in
DynaDot, we set it up in Zap mail, we
export to SmartLead, etc., etc. We know
how to use the HyperTied API, we know
how to use the SmartLead API. For list
pulling, it knows our internal company
database, it knows how to use the
Prospector API, it knows how to go use
Google Maps, even knows where our email
waterfall is, that's the source of
truth. It has my campaign strategy
skill, it's got my campaign performance
predictor, it's got our spin tax skill,
it's got all these skills baked in
already and you can even see on the side
I've already made an X poster, an Ops
inbox, a deliverability bot, a video
content bot, a a list building bot. Oh,
this is great. So, Design Guru, they
onboarded with us recently and their old
inbox provider, the inboxes were burned
and then we got that back on track and
then we had a couple good days of
sending and then there was a couple of
problems with about half the inboxes
that we set up. And since we always set
up twice as many inboxes, it was totally
fine. I even said, "Hey, I want you to
manage this customer completely." I gave
a plan to them of everything I'm going
to do on a daily basis next week because
we want to get their campaigns back on
track. Understand the document and
schedule a cron job for everything that
we need to do next week. And so, next
week we have to do like a reply rate
analysis midday on Monday. End of day,
if the reply rate analysis doesn't go
well, we're going to launch a different
campaign. On Tuesday, if we're the reply
rate still doesn't come back good, we're
going to switch to sending Google to
Google. Like I had all these plans
orchestrated. And look, it even has like
gone in and it did all of those things.
And the most important thing, I think,
is see how it even has set up the clay
table for me. And it sent me screenshots
of it setting up the clay table to
confirm to me that for the next campaign
that we're going to run for them,
everything is completely done and it's
orchestrated, it's ready to go. So, not
only can I make bots for things that we
do all the time generally like list
building, but we could even say, "Hey,
we made a mistake with this customer.
Here's how we need to fix it." Or this
customer is going really well, here's
what you can do on a daily basis to
check and make sure that it always stays
going really well. Now, I prepared a
little bit of a presentation for you to
just go into why I'm so obsessed with
Grok Bot. And so, basically, I think
that it comes down to speed of
implementation of why Grok Bot has been
such an amazing experience for me over
Open Claw and Hermes. The first thing is
the setup speed, which I've talked about
a little bit. How fast the model is when
it talks back to you is amazing and how
quickly it's improving itself has been
amazing as well, too. And so, I already
told you that I cleared my old MacBook
just to be a dedicated agent for this.
And literally, in order to set up Open
Claw and Hermes at the same time, after
I cleared my MacBook, I literally was
trying to set up Open Claw and Hermes
and it took so long for me to set it up.
I got so annoyed with it that I
re-downloaded Code X onto that computer
and I just used the computer use
function in Code X to set them up
because I just found it to be so
annoying to just get started. Grok Bot,
it was literally download the app on my
computer, download the app on my phone,
what do you have access to, what can I
help you do, API keys, blah blah blah,
boom, done, completely all set up. We've
already talked about this, I don't have
to have a laptop always on, freaking
amazing. If you ever were communicating
with Hermes or Open Claw on Slack or
WhatsApp and you didn't have access to
the computer, let's say I was I was
somewhere else and I couldn't put the
API key directly into this computer,
like I was in the Clay office or I was
offsite or something and I had my main
computer, I would then have to give the
API key directly in the Slack
conversation, which I never really feel
great about giving the API key directly
to the agent. Over here, I could give
the API key on my phone in that secure
gateway that I showed you. It's on my
computer, so I don't have to worry about
it having access to my computer and then
doxing something if I don't want it to
because it has that sandbox computer.
So, handing over API keys was great.
When I set up Open Claw and Hermes, I
think Hermes now has direct OAuth
plugins, which are so easy to use and so
much more secure. Maybe they have it
now, but when I set up Open Claw and
Hermes, those didn't exist. The fact
that Gmail is an OAuth plugin, Google
Drive, ClickUp, Superbase, Vercel,
Stripe, all of those are OAuth plugins
that I didn't have to mess with API keys
for, super great. Now, let's talk about
how important the speed of the model is
because obviously they're using Composer
or Grok 4.6 under the hood, whatever's
happening. On one side, you can't pick
your favorite model, but on the other
side, they don't even give you the
choice. It's just whatever model under
the hood. I don't even know what model
we're technically using. Because it
would take so long for Hermes to get
back to me or Open Claw to get back to
me cuz it was using 5.6 under the hood,
that I would open up multiple threads to
then just have, you know, multiple
things going on. So, as I was waiting, I
could just switch and move on to
something else. That's awesome that we
can do that, but it's kind of a first
world problem because then you're you're
constantly context switching between
everything that you want to work on.
With Grokbot, its reply is so fast or it
passes it off to another agent and it
just does everything and then it'll
message you back if it is going to take
a while that the reply speed was just
freaking amazing to to get everything
done. And so the fact that the model
talks you faster and like loops through
making sure its job is correct until you
could send off and and perfectly do the
job. The the conversation speed has just
been amazing. Oh, another thing is
setting up the cron jobs. So in my
Hermes agent, I moved all of the
positive response tagging of all the
replies we get in SmartLead. We generate
like on any given day 2,000 to 3,000
overall replies depending on the day
across all of our sending. Maybe even
more than that because that's just our
master account. The amount of replies I
have to get sifted through is just
crazy. And so I set up a Hermes agent to
look at all of the replies and then tag
them for which one's positive, which
one's out of office, which one's an
automated response and all these things.
I wanted it to run on a cron job every 5
minutes from an 8:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m.
window. It took me literally like 10
tries over the course of 2 days to
actually get it to run on that cron. I
don't really know why. I would literally
ask it, "Take a step back. Why are you
not running this every 5 minutes? I
asked you to do it." And it just it just
didn't do it. And I never understood.
And with Grok Bot, and I'll show you
some of them if I can. As far as setting
up the cron job, see this is a X post
generator where every day it looks at my
LinkedIn posts and then it comes up with
X posts that I can create. I'm going to
get a software to just automatically do
it for me. I just want it to do it for
free right now. With these routines, I
set it up. It worked perfectly. I've
been getting the the runs every day, the
notification straight to my phone. With
Hermes, setting up the cron jobs, for
some reason there were so many problems
all the time. I don't even want to get
into Open Claw. We had to cancel Open
Claw because it kept messaging me in
Slack even though nobody was talking to
it. That was so annoying. But getting
these routines, knowing that they're set
up, seeing that the schedule is running,
being able to schedule and add more
times to it immediately from this user
interface, awesome experience. Just the
fact that it's in the cloud, we've
already talked about how much I like
that. If you wanted it to, it can still
read your local files. So, it's not like
it's in the sandbox and that it's never
going to be able to go again, which I
think is great because then if I figure
out something on my local computer,
instead of haggling with it and trying
to figure out, okay, what GitHub repo do
I have to put in this? What cloud
environment do I have to put this in?
It's just going to do it automatically.
And then one fear that I had was that
when I first saw all the bots saying,
okay, is this one only going to have
specialized knowledge and then this
one's only going to have specialized
knowledge and what if it talks to the
wrong one about the wrong thing? After
doing more research, all of the bots
share the same exact skills. And because
they're sharing all of the skills, they
just have this quick little instruction
that like you are the deliverability
expert or you are the list building
expert. But under the hood, they still
have access to all the same skills. So,
the orchestration and worrying, oh, is
it going to go to the right ones? That
was all fine and nothing to worry about
there as well, too. I will say some
things that I'm hoping that they'll add
in is in Hermes, Codex, Claude, if you
interrupt a session, it'll say, oh, I'm
moving this to the background so we can
have a conversation about this. Grok
bot, I would interrupt it and then it
would say, oh, okay, I'm aborting this
run and we can get back to it after. And
I was like, oh, no, I'd rather you, you
know, put it to the back instead. But
that was a great. The fact that they
don't have a goal mode is another thing
that I think I don't know why Cursor and
Grok bot doesn't have a goal mode. I
think goal modes are so great for
getting work done that you just want to
walk away and you know exactly what the
finish line is going to look like.
That's another thing that I wish was in
there. And then I was shocked at how the
X integration, you can't make posts from
it. All you can do is read things. I
guess they don't want people to spam
with it. But I mean, you're an $8
product away from being able to
schedule, so I don't know why that's not
in there. And then I also listed here,
sub agents are all visible. It is kind
of nice sometimes that Codex will just
say, okay, these sub agents are just
going to take care of this and then
they're just working and you don't have
any knowledge into all of that. I'm sure
there's probably some element of that,
but them like pinging you all the time
and the Grock bots going crazy can
sometimes feel a little overwhelming if
you have too many things going on.
That's why I created that taskmaster at
the front. But anyway, I just wanted to
get this video out as soon as possible
because I hope you can tell I was pretty
excited about it and I think it's highly
useful. It's been a great experience. I
literally said to my friends Harris and
Brandon Charleston, I don't understand
the difference. Why would somebody
switch? Blah blah blah. And they said it
was great, you should really try it. And
then within an hour of using it I said,
"Oh, I don't need my Hermes bot anymore.
This is great. We're going to switch
over to Grock bot." So a little bit
different of a video today, but I just
wanted to make sure that if anybody's on
the fence about trying Grock bot, I
definitely would give it a shot. It's
been great so far and I'll see you on
the next video. Thanks everybody.
