 
I'm just going to say it. Grokbot is
bigger than OpenClaw. We are going to go
into what is Grokbot, how much does
Grokbot cost, why would you use it, what
are the safety concerns with using it,
how do you use it safely? Yes, I'm going
to give you the two bots that I think
would make the subscription to Grokbot
worth it cuz one, you're going to see
reasons why even technical users are
also using Grokbot. If you're a
non-technical user, Grokbot is the very
first no-code, just install, there's an
app for that agent capability that I've
ever seen. You can use agents now
because the agents are Grokbots and
they're super easy to understand. So,
let's jump in. Grokbot is bigger than
OpenClaw. Let's make it work for you.
Easiest way to understand Grokbot is to
imagine a small company contained inside
one application. Yes, an entire company.
Every row in the sidebar is a named
teammate with a continuing role. And
behind those conversations is one cloud
computer that is dedicated to you and
your account that no one else shares it.
It has a browser, a file system, a
terminal, connected tools, and a shared
workspace. They get their own screen on
the computer. So, several of them can
work in parallel. Now,
here comes one of my favorite parts. One
of the things that's most painful about
agent sign-ups these days that I see a
lot of people trip over is how painful
it is to integrate everything in your
life so you get value out of the agents.
Connect your calendar, connect your
email, this and that. Grok handles this
so well. There's so little pain. I
didn't sign up for anything for
integrations before I got in and got to
see my Grokbot. I loved it so much. Now,
you're wondering how does that magic
work? I'll tell you. All you have to do
is you just start talking to the bot
about what you want it to do and it
naturally brings up in the conversation,
"Hey, great. I'll check your email.
Please authorize the email application."
And because it's all one computer, you
authorize that once in one conversation
with one bot, any other bot you use with
Grok anywhere else at any time, it's
authorized. You got it. And that is true
across a whole range of things, right?
I've I authorized my calendar, I
authorized a bunch of other services,
and if it doesn't have an authorization
connector, it can just use its own
computer to log in for you with your
permission. And it does not take your
password in plain text or anything
creepy like that. It actually pulls up a
login screen and says, "I'm leaving
now." Lets you control the screen
remotely, lets you type the login, and
takes care of it, and remembers the
login, and you're done. It is the
smoothest way of handling the worst
agent sign-up pinpoint that I have seen.
So, that's how you get in, that's how
you get started. What do you get for
those free use cases? That's really the
question, because Grok lets you start
using it for free right now, but then
you're going to hit a paywall after
that. So, how do you make the most of
that? I would say you want to pick
something that lets you get a sense of
what Grok can do. But, the top thing to
remember
is that Grok is a doing tool.
We we talk about agents doing all the
time. A lot of the open cloud movement
was about the idea that agents should
do, and a lot of people realized there's
a lot of work. Like, you got to put a
Mac mini out, and you have to put it
together, and you have to maintain it,
and all of that. Grok bot neatly
abstracts away so, so much of that.
It's just a tool that you can use to
actually get real work done. So, when I
start up, I start up with a chief of
staff bot, something that's going to
coordinate my other bots for me. And
I've talked about this paradigm before.
The idea is you want to reduce the
stress in your life by only managing one
or two bots, and have the other bots
managed for you. And this brings up a
really cool feature of Grok bot that I
have not seen handled well elsewhere.
These bots, out of the box, message each
other in ways that are transparent to
you. Now, it is absolutely true that
this is not brand new, but for most
users an interface this simple, this is
the first time this has been done well.
You can go through I had over a dozen
agents running and GrokBot just goes
back and forth and the messages can flow
and information can flow cuz it's all
one computer and that brings me to one
of the great security advantages with
GrokBot. GrokBot is one security
perimeter. In other words, because it's
on one single machine that's sitting in
Silicon Valley. I actually looked it up
because when you log in you can see like
where your IP address is from and it was
like, "Where is this thing living?" And
it's living in Silicon Valley. There's a
little Linux machine there that
apparently that I I am renting that
lives in Silicon Valley and has my
GrokBots on it. That is the security
perimeter you're signing up for and
adding more agents doesn't add to that
security perimeter. It's just one set of
risk that you accept and as long as
you're responsible with your overall
GrokBot usage, you're fine. And so I
think for a lot of people the fact that
it's a dedicated machine, the fact that
it's not multi-machine multiple machines
scattered all over the world, these are
things that give us more confidence in
trusting that what we say and the
information we give is not just going to
go everywhere. Now, you should
absolutely and I always recommend this,
make sure you understand the data and
retention policies. One of the things to
be aware of when you sign up for GrokBot
is that they will give you the choice
when you're signing up to let them
retain private data for
understanding logs and for understanding
sort of better what's going on and to
help other users. I did not check that
box. I don't feel comfortable with that.
But you can still use the service
anyway. They don't change the service in
any way if you do that. And so you have
some control over how your data is used
and stored and I encourage you to read
up on it. But generally speaking,
GrokBot is a much more secure version of
Open Claw. And it's also much much
easier to use because if you open up,
people will tell me like, "I don't know.
What do I do with my Open Claw? Do I do
an email scheduler bot? I spent all this
money on a Mac Mini. I feels like a
waste, right?" And that is I I'm not
saying email scheduler out of the blue,
that is one of the most common uses.
That is not what you should be doing
with your Grok. You should have a much
more ambitious vision. And you can do
that by using your little computer to
effectively build a business, to build a
storefront, to build a piece of
software, to whatever you want to do,
whatever you want to create. You can do
it with GrokBot. And and I think that
that's what's really exciting because
these these little GrokBots know their
own system really well. Yes, they
present as non-technical, they present
as these really cute little guys,
but they actually know code, right? And
so, you don't have to. They can just
make stuff for you. And they can make
their own tools for you. If you feel
like, "Oh, this isn't really quite
right. I feel like you're not reading
this or understanding this file. Can you
write a tool to understand this file?"
GrokBot can do that, too. Like, it can
self-improve its machine as it goes.
Before we go further, I want to give you
a little tour. I immediately jumped into
GrokBot. You're going to want to know
what were Nate's 12 bots. He jumped in
and said there were 12. What were they?
Well, first, of course, Chief of Staff,
the one that coordinates everyone else,
that spins up specialists when the work
splits and and handles all of the busy
work that I don't want to deal with. And
that that is actually really helpful
because you can use it and basically
say, "Root cause these other issues that
I'm seeing across multiple
conversations." And it will.
I also had a bot that was dedicated to a
landing page project that I was working
on and that just existed to help me
think through and spin up ideas. If
you're going to have a GrokBot, think of
it not as an agent for one run or one
task, but an agent around a theme. And
so, like a landing page bot is a is just
a bot that obsesses over landing pages.
It was fun to do it that way because I
could talk to one bot that got that
done. Another bot was dedicated to
schedule optimization. Basically, look
for windows in my schedule for
appointments that are hard to fit in any
other place, like a dental appointment,
and suggest those kinds of times. But
with GrokBot, all you do is you say,
"You're a schedule optimizer bot." And
it looks at the calendar and it reasons
and does it. And that's important
because you don't have to decide the
effort level. Like as a manual power
user, it's sort of like shifting with
the manual on your car versus an
automatic. Like I'm used to shifting
with the manual when I'm driving around
on my other tools on Claude on on Codex.
I'm not used to not having that power.
Uh this is the automatic version. It's
vastly easier to drive, but I'm getting
used to it and it's really fun cuz I
don't have to think about it. I just
say, "Get this done." And it just gets
done and I don't have to think about the
effort level and the speed and it just
it's all done. And bots make it really
easy to not just be, for lack of a
better term,
neutral and vanilla about what you do
with your information. I think one of
the problems with the classic email
organizer bot is that there was no goal
to it. It was like you organized your
email. Did you just did busy work? Like
where's the value? And so, one of the
bots I did that actually touched email
is focused on how do I reach out to the
people I want to connect with in a new
city before I get there. That is a
focused human oriented task that would
normally take me a while,
and I'd have to dig through, find do I
know this person, do I have to cold
email them, are they around, etc. And
GrokBot can make all of that easier and
it's just again, it's that idea of that
dedicated themed bot and I can just say,
"Set it up and work on it. This is the
city I'm going to.
Please help me figure out who's there
and who I can connect with. Who's in my
email inbox already, maybe from months
or or years ago, and who's not, and how
do I reconnect with them? Now we come to
the price. The price is the thing that
makes people's eyes water. Grok Bot is
not available in like a $20, $25 a month
category. You jump from free usage for a
while, which will last you, depending on
how much you use it a a day, maybe less
than a day,
all the way to $200 a month. Now, if
you're already a customer of the ultra
or Grok super heavy, then this is free.
Like this just comes built in. So if
you're And I think that's $300 a month.
So if you're paying that already, this
is free.
But if you're not, you're signing up for
a $200 a month subscription. And I And I
don't want to hide the ball on that. I
think that sometimes people are like,
"Wow, it's incredible. It's incredible.
It's incredible." And then, "Wow, that's
expensive." So, what makes that worth
it? What makes that worth it? Your
ability to imagine five or 10x that
value in your life on a monthly basis,
coming back to you and demanding that it
get built. And so I have seen people
upload receipts and and and subscription
statements and say, "Find me
subscriptions I can kill so I can afford
this." And then they get their money
back that way. I have seen people who
think really boldly and say, "I'm
starting a business and you're running
half of the business,
and that would save me, you know,
several thousand dollars a month. So the
200 is is very much worth it."
You will have to decide for you what
your vision of a thousand dollars a
month in value or or two thousand
dollars a month in value is, but I would
encourage you to think that big because
there is zero question in my mind that
Grok Bot is capable of achieving that
kind of value. The reason why computing
creates value, the reason why Silicon
Valley exists in the first place, is
that computers create leverage.
Computers create leverage because they
allow you to present many copies of
software very cheaply around the world
for almost nothing. And that allows you
to create value and replicate it lots
and lots of times. So, when you look at
the same storefront for Shopify that
someone else does in Toronto and someone
else does in London, Shopify is
delivering value by basically saying,
"Here you go. Same software everywhere
you want to go." And so, that's how
Silicon Valley creates leverage. That's
how it's always worked. And all AI does
is it supercharges the ability of
everyone to do that. Grok Bot is the
first one I've seen where like my mom,
my aunt, like they could sign up for
Grok Bot and like it's so intuitive. And
it has cute little guys. Don't
underestimate the cute little guys. They
have the cutest little eyes and and and
the cuteness inspires trust. The
cuteness makes it feel less like the
scary AI and more like the AI that's
your little buddy that's going to help
you get work done.
And it really will. This brings me to
the first of the two bots that I'm going
to talk about that I'm releasing to my
Substack community. If you're wondering
like, is this worth it? Do I have the
imagination to like figure out what to
build? These will help you get there.
And I'm going to explain exactly why and
why I picked these two. Number one is
what I call the super doer bot. Is a bot
that is dedicated to actually getting
work done instead of just talking about
it. So often when we set up these tools,
and I alluded to this with open claw, it
was part of the issue with with a lot of
open claw usage is that people mistook
process for value created. People would
say, "It's watching my email. It's
watching my calendar. It's giving me a
briefing. There's value." And I'm like,
"But are you reading the briefing,
right? Is there real value there?" The
super doer bot is a specific set of
files and templates that you hand to
your Grok Bot when it wakes up. And you
say, "Hey, this is you. You're now super
doer bot." or whatever. And what it does
is it tells the bot from day one that
your expectation
for that bot is that it will not stop,
pass go, do anything else except look at
your world and start to work on real
stuff that you need done that it can
infer from the world around you. So, an
example, it looks at your calendar. Your
calendar says presentation. It infers
who you're presenting to. It looks in
your email. It says, "Ah, this this is
previous thread on the presentation." It
just starts working on the PowerPoint
presentation for you. It doesn't wait.
It doesn't It doesn't sit there. And
then And then it has a draft. Like,
"Wow, there's an email that's coming
in." Instead of saying, "Hmm, maybe I
should set up an email watching bot."
No, it just says, "Huh, this looks like
it needs a reply." But, it doesn't
actually send it. Don't worry. We're not
We're not trying to get ahead of your
permissions.
It just drafts the reply right there so
you can look at it and send it instead.
And it will draft it based on how you
tend to reply. So, that's one of them.
The other one, and I'm really, really
excited for this one, is a business in a
box bot. The business in a box bot gives
you the tools you need for Grok bot to
help you build and manage a business so
that your AI agents can actually help
you get that business done. Now, you're
going to supply the business idea. This
is not something that's just going to
magically give you the business idea
because if I gave the same business idea
to everybody, it wouldn't be a business
idea anymore. So, you'll supply that,
but the business in a box bot helps you
get the rest of it done. And again, this
is a series of files and templates that
you give to your bot when the bot wakes
up that basically says, "Hey, you're a
business in a box bot to delegate." And
oh, by the way, these bots can spin up
partner bots to delegate so they they
don't have to handle all of it
themselves and they know when to do
that. It tells it like, "This is your
This is your role. This is what you do
and this is what you should be doing
with your work on this machine." Why did
I pick those two? That jump has not been
really reasonable to ask of people who
are non-technical until today.
Open claw required technical setup,
didn't it? Claw requires technical
setup. Codex definitely requires
technical setup. But, if you're really
non-technical, if you're the kind of
person who is like, I'm using the
computer for email and I'm using the
browser for internet and that is it, you
have not had a way to even understand
agents, let alone use them. Grockbot
crosses that chasm. Grockbot is is just
a little app that's on your machine.
It's always on. You can shut your
machine and walk away. And because
there's a little local machine that the
Grockbots run on, they're awake, they're
working, they're proactive, they stay up
all night, and your machine can be off.
It's it feels like magic. It helps them
understand it does stuff. And that's why
like when I was like, what do I share
with the community that that tells
people what this is about, well,
agents got to do things. And so, that's
why I was like, we got to have a super
doer bot and we've got to have a
business in a box bot because there's
nothing that pays back an investment
that feels expensive like 200 a month
like building a business in a box. Like
that that that's going to be something
that actually gets you revenue in the
door. This this tool comes up with more
ways to use it in ways that feel
addictive and fun, but not in a I'm
stuck in front of the screen all day,
but in a look at all the stuff I can
hand to it kind of way. Like I have a a
little home improvement project. Another
one of my bots that I've created is a
home improvement bot. And all of that
stuff, I don't have to mess with.
Grockbot can deal with all of that. And
it can deal with it in a way that leaves
me able to focus on other things. Now,
you might wonder, I'm a heavy user. I'm
a technical user. I'm a Codex person.
Open claw doesn't scare me.
Uh why would I use Grockbot? And I'll
give you two answers. And the second
answer is actually really simple.
It's going to be another way for you to
get a lot of tokens.
Because one of the things that everyone
I know who's a token maxer already is
finding out is that they're living by
those weekly limits. The weekly limits
run out. Now they feel like they're
having to pay for credits. The credits
are very expensive. Grok Bot is a way to
get a lot of work done with another
tranche of tokens and you don't have to
actually
pay the going credit rate for tokens in
Codex or Claude or whatever. So, those
are two reasons why technical users
should still have a look at Grok Bot as
well. I certainly consider myself a
technical user. I'm not walking away
from my other tools. Grok Bot is
absolutely additive for me. That is like
the first time I feel comfortable
recommending an agent to people who are
completely non-technical. Like if you
can install an app, you can use an
agent. That is how simple it is now. And
and it is incredibly exciting. So,
that's Grok Bot. It's like the cost is
what it looks like to sign up. It is
what you should do when you get started.
It is the two bots I recommend you get
started with and that I'm sharing with
the community. You can click over on the
link under the video and you can go and
grab those if you want to get started
with them. And like if you're like, "I
want to be a part of this agent thing. I
haven't been able to figure out how. I
know I have to think bigger and bolder."
That's what I created these for.
Grok Bot is absolutely incredible and I
will probably be back with more coverage
of Grok Bot as we continue to explore
what it can do. To be honest, and so if
you're pushing Grok Bot, I'd love to
hear the use cases you have, the bots
you have for Grok Bot in the comments.
Let me know.
